Original article was posted on Inter Press Service News Agencyon March
6 2020. This article is part of special IPS coverage of International
Womens Day on March 8 2020 Gender equality is a basic human right and a
prerequisite for sustainable development so why does inequality persist
in so many countries and what can we all do to address it? The economic
inequalities plaguing much of the world today are reinforced by many
other forms of inequality including inequalities in sexual and
reproductive health-Dr. Natalia Kanem ED UNFPA. Credit: UNFPA Kenya /
Douglas Waudo NAIROBI Kenya Mar 6 2020 (IPS)- Development efforts over
the past two decades have seen millions of people freed from poverty
and hunger and inequalities reduced worldwide. This is an undoubted
achievement but is no reason for complacency. The fact is that
inequality between men and women between boys and girls remains not
only a social justice concern but one of the impediments on development
in countries across Africa and beyond. Addressing such inequalities is
a duty for all of us and one which is at the heart of the theme of this
years International Womens Day on 8th March:Each for Equal. Facing
reality then act accordingly Gender inequality is so deeply ingrained
in many societies that simply being born female can have a deleterious
impact on a girls life chances. Too often girls are still viewed as a
drain on their families resources kept out of school in favour of their
brothers when money is tight married off as children to older men and
condemned to a lifetime of poor health unwanted large families and
poverty. Too often they are also condemned to illiteracy and economic
dependence on men. The effort towards achieving gender equality is not
only the business of women. It is the business of each of us. Male
champions have a critical role to play when it comes to challenging
stereotypes fighting bias and standing up against discriminations and
violence against their mothers sisters wives and daughters. In this
regard H.E President Uhuru Kenyatta as a gender champion has set a path
by taking personal commitments to End Female Genital Mutilations (FGM)
by the year 2022. Globally Kenya has demonstrated its engagement
against gender-based violence through the development or enactment of
the following: a National Policy on Gender and Development (2019) a
National Policy for the Eradication of FGM (2019) the Sexual Offences
Act (2006) the Counter-Trafficking Act (2011) the Childrens Act (2001)
the Prevention against violence Act (2015) and the Prohibition of
Female Genital Mutilation Act (2011). The wins for gender equality and
women empowerment will also be achieved through the implementation of
the Big Four Agenda which focuses on Universal Health Care Food
Security and Nutrition Affordable Housing and Manufacturing. Win-Win
The irony is that gender equality would benefit all and make no losers.
In its2016 Africa Human Development Report the United Nations
Development Programme (UNDP) pointed out the clear intersections and
interdependencies between gender equality and human development.
Improving womens capabilities and opportunities improves in return
their ability to contribute better economically as employers employees
and entrepreneurs to the common wealth; it brings social and
environmental benefits in terms of better health and education changes
the attitudes that enable the scourge of physical and sexual violence
against women and works to improve sustainable resource use.
Additionally the report argues womens political involvement leads to
fairer and more representative decision-making and resource allocation
to the benefit of all and that of the environment too. Actually none of
the UN-sponsored Sustainable Development Goals (SDG) will be achieved
if girls and women are institutionally and systematically discriminated
against and left behind. Hence these complex issues must be worked on
at all levels at a time. While much of the gender equality debate
globally focuses on income disparities it is crucial to look beyond.
Upstream achieving equality at work is hampered by unequal access to
education. Our daughters are profoundly unlikely to earn as much as our
sons or even to be able to compete for their jobs if they have not been
educated or if societal attitudes to women allow employers to dismiss
their applications out of hand. To accelerate the achievement of SDGs
and in particular SDG 5 on Gender equality will help among others
ensure universal access to sexual and reproductive health and
reproductive rights. And it happens that healthiest women with fewer
chores at home can spend more time prospecting on the job market and
ultimately secure higher revenues to sustain their families. For these
virtuous circles to become our everyday reality we need to go deeper to
challenge the social and political norms and entrenched interests that
prevail in many nations communities and families. A mission for each of
us But what can we as individuals do? How can we help shape a world
where your gender does not dictate your future? Each of us needs to
understand how his/her own thoughts and actions shape society. TheEach
for Equalcampaign urges each of us to challenge our deeply-held
assumptions about girls and women about their abilities and rights.
Silence always benefits the status quo and perpetuates situations of
oppression. Conversely speaking up takes courage determination and a
willingness to stand out from the crowd. Our thoughts and actions are
powerful. Our voices are powerful when we use them to speak up against
the injustice we testify or to celebrate womens aspirations and
achievements. It is both an individual and collective responsibility to
achieve justice opportunity and equality for half the worlds
population. The reasoning is valid both nationally and worldwide. 25
years after the 1995 Fourth World Conference on Women held in Beijing
the 2020 Generation Equality Forum will gather governments the United
Nations civil society feminist groups and other stakeholders to call
for action and accountability for the full realization of the gender
equality agenda. Priority issues and structural obstacles to progress
on gender equality will be put at the center of the agenda and
stakeholders will make commitments along six thematic coalitions of
action: Gender-Based violence Economic justice and rights Bodily
autonomy and sexual and reproductive health and rights Feminist action
for climate justice Technology and innovation for gender equality
Feminist movements and leadership. An outcome of the Forum will be the
establishment of a mobilization strategy to make concrete progress on
gender equality. Convened by UN-Women co-hosted by Mexico (Mexico City
7-8 May) and France (Paris 7-10 July) and organized in partnership with
civil society the Forum is animated by a single overarching ambition:
streamline gender equality as an asset and a prerequisite to achieve
any political objective anywhere in the world. At the end of the day
gender equality is not merely an agenda item for the UN and the
development sector. It is rather a necessity for human society to
thrive and perhaps even to survive in a future of diminishing resources
and mounting global challenges such as climate change. All of us must
be#EachforEqual. H.E. Prof. Margaret KOBIA Cabinet Secretary for the
Public service and Gender AffairsH.E. Aline KUSTER-MENAGER Ambassador
of France to KenyaH.E. Erasmo Roberto MARTINEZ MARTINEZ Ambassador of
Mexico to KenyaSiddharth CHATTERJEE United Nations Resident Coordinator
to Kenya NAIROBI Kenya Mar 6 2020 (IPS)- Development efforts over the
past two decades have seen millions of people freed from poverty and
hunger and inequalities reduced worldwide. This is an undoubted
achievement but is no reason for complacency. The fact is that
inequality between men and women between boys and girls remains not
only a social justice concern but one of the impediments on development
in countries across Africa and beyond. Addressing such inequalities is
a duty for all of us and one which is at the heart of the theme of this
years International Womens Day on 8th March:Each for Equal. Facing
reality then act accordingly Gender inequality is so deeply ingrained
in many societies that simply being born female can have a deleterious
impact on a girls life chances. Too often girls are still viewed as a
drain on their families resources kept out of school in favour of their
brothers when money is tight married off as children to older men and
condemned to a lifetime of poor health unwanted large families and
poverty. Too often they are also condemned to illiteracy and economic
dependence on men. The effort towards achieving gender equality is not
only the business of women. It is the business of each of us. Male
champions have a critical role to play when it comes to challenging
stereotypes fighting bias and standing up against discriminations and
violence against their mothers sisters wives and daughters. In this
regard H.E President Uhuru Kenyatta as a gender champion has set a path
by taking personal commitments to End Female Genital Mutilations (FGM)
by the year 2022. Globally Kenya has demonstrated its engagement
against gender-based violence through the development or enactment of
the following: a National Policy on Gender and Development (2019) a
National Policy for the Eradication of FGM (2019) the Sexual Offences
Act (2006) the Counter-Trafficking Act (2011) the Childrens Act (2001)
the Prevention against violence Act (2015) and the Prohibition of
Female Genital Mutilation Act (2011). The wins for gender equality and
women empowerment will also be achieved through the implementation of
the Big Four Agenda which focuses on Universal Health Care Food
Security and Nutrition Affordable Housing and Manufacturing. Win-Win
The irony is that gender equality would benefit all and make no losers.
In its2016 Africa Human Development Report the United Nations
Development Programme (UNDP) pointed out the clear intersections and
interdependencies between gender equality and human development.
Improving womens capabilities and opportunities improves in return
their ability to contribute better economically as employers employees
and entrepreneurs to the common wealth; it brings social and
environmental benefits in terms of better health and education changes
the attitudes that enable the scourge of physical and sexual violence
against women and works to improve sustainable resource use.
Additionally the report argues womens political involvement leads to
fairer and more representative decision-making and resource allocation
to the benefit of all and that of the environment too. Actually none of
the UN-sponsored Sustainable Development Goals (SDG) will be achieved
if girls and women are institutionally and systematically discriminated
against and left behind. Hence these complex issues must be worked on
at all levels at a time. While much of the gender equality debate
globally focuses on income disparities it is crucial to look beyond.
Upstream achieving equality at work is hampered by unequal access to
education. Our daughters are profoundly unlikely to earn as much as our
sons or even to be able to compete for their jobs if they have not been
educated or if societal attitudes to women allow employers to dismiss
their applications out of hand. To accelerate the achievement of SDGs
and in particular SDG 5 on Gender equality will help among others
ensure universal access to sexual and reproductive health and
reproductive rights. And it happens that healthiest women with fewer
chores at home can spend more time prospecting on the job market and
ultimately secure higher revenues to sustain their families. For these
virtuous circles to become our everyday reality we need to go deeper to
challenge the social and political norms and entrenched interests that
prevail in many nations communities and families. A mission for each of
us But what can we as individuals do? How can we help shape a world
where your gender does not dictate your future? Each of us needs to
understand how his/her own thoughts and actions shape society. TheEach
for Equalcampaign urges each of us to challenge our deeply-held
assumptions about girls and women about their abilities and rights.
Silence always benefits the status quo and perpetuates situations of
oppression. Conversely speaking up takes courage determination and a
willingness to stand out from the crowd. Our thoughts and actions are
powerful. Our voices are powerful when we use them to speak up against
the injustice we testify or to celebrate womens aspirations and
achievements. It is both an individual and collective responsibility to
achieve justice opportunity and equality for half the worlds
population. The reasoning is valid both nationally and worldwide. 25
years after the 1995 Fourth World Conference on Women held in Beijing
the 2020 Generation Equality Forum will gather governments the United
Nations civil society feminist groups and other stakeholders to call
for action and accountability for the full realization of the gender
equality agenda. Priority issues and structural obstacles to progress
on gender equality will be put at the center of the agenda and
stakeholders will make commitments along six thematic coalitions of
action: Gender-Based violence Economic justice and rights Bodily
autonomy and sexual and reproductive health and rights Feminist action
for climate justice Technology and innovation for gender equality
Feminist movements and leadership. An outcome of the Forum will be the
establishment of a mobilization strategy to make concrete progress on
gender equality. Convened by UN-Women co-hosted by Mexico (Mexico City
7-8 May) and France (Paris 7-10 July) and organized in partnership with
civil society the Forum is animated by a single overarching ambition:
streamline gender equality as an asset and a prerequisite to achieve
any political objective anywhere in the world. At the end of the day
gender equality is not merely an agenda item for the UN and the
development sector. It is rather a necessity for human society to
thrive and perhaps even to survive in a future of diminishing resources
and mounting global challenges such as climate change. All of us must
be#EachforEqual. H.E. Prof. Margaret KOBIA Cabinet Secretary for the
Public service and Gender AffairsH.E. Aline KUSTER-MENAGER Ambassador
of France to KenyaH.E. Erasmo Roberto MARTINEZ MARTINEZ Ambassador of
Mexico to KenyaSiddharth CHATTERJEE United Nations Resident Coordinator
to Kenya

Expected class: 5
Predicted class: 16
Ordered labels: ['ODS16', 'ODS5', 'ODS8', 'ODS3', 'ODS7', 'ODS13', 'ODS9', 'ODS17', 'ODS4', 'ODS2', 'ODS10', 'ODS1', 'ODS15', 'ODS6', 'ODS11', 'ODS12', 'ODS14']
Percentages labels: [26.051797182999834, 14.691564696871438, 6.611455904055743, 5.9386640239337565, 4.7499584557999945, 4.51474618920569, 4.464148757910628, 4.254323806167992, 3.6974917125992874, 3.592926609413272, 3.1909025500250543, 2.780819397641215, 2.427941568097295, 1.9404059501789963, 0.5288320023054232, 0.47979275075710476, 0.08422992361244917]

--------------------------------
Credits UNDP Bangladesh/Fahad Kaizer Vulnerable people in developing
countries like Bangladesh are expected to be hit particularly hard by
the COVID-19 pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic which has swept across the
developed and developing world is exposing the frailties and
inequalities of our societies according to the UN Deputy
Secretary-General. Speaking to UN News Amina Mohammed said that the
global crisis unleashed by the virus could and should kickstart efforts
to reach theSustainable Development Goals the 17 globally agreed
targets to eradicate poverty create a more equal and peaceful world and
protect the planet. UN News: How concerned are you that global
inequalities will deepen as a result of the coronavirus pandemic? UN
Deputy Secretary-General Amina Mohammed: I am extremely
concerned.COVID-19is a threat multiplier. We have a health emergency a
humanitarian emergency and now a development emergency. These
emergencies are compounding existing inequalities. In advanced
economies were seeing higher rates of mortality among already
marginalized groups. And in developing countries the crisis will hit
vulnerable populations even harder. Weak health systems wont be able to
cope. Incomplete social protection systems risk seeing millions fall
back into poverty. And governments with little economic firepower will
not be able to cushion the impacts or recover quickly. Every single
person will be affected by this pandemic. And no one will be able to
get through this alone. We will need an extraordinary showing of
solidarity for all people to come out of COVID-19 stronger or we risk
huge populations falling further behind. Any deepening of the divides
risks people falling into povertylosing hard won gains and weakening
our systems to respond to the next emergency. To what extent do you
think COVID-19 will exacerbate already dire poverty levels in the
developing world? We are learning on so many levels how this pandemic
is exposing the frailties and inequalities of our societies. TheIMFis
projecting that the global economy will contract sharply by -3 per cent
this year. TheILOis warning that 1.6 billion workers in the informal
economynearly half of the global workforcestand in immediate danger of
having their livelihoods destroyed. And remittances to developing
countries have already fallen by 20 per cent. All of this will feed
into higher rates of poverty. In fact the World Bank has estimated that
some 49 million people could fall back into extreme poverty. But this
is not inevitable. We have the tools available globally to provide
developing countries with the fiscal space and the resources needed to
support the incomes of the poorest; to protect their communities from
the worst effects and to be ready for recovery. And building on this we
can recover better increasing the coverage of essential services;
generating green jobs for a green recovery. Do you expect women to be
disproportionally affected by the pandemic? To what extent do you think
COVID-19 will exacerbate already dire poverty levels in the developing
world? We are learning on so many levels how this pandemic is exposing
the frailties and inequalities of our societies. TheIMFis projecting
that the global economy will contract sharply by -3 per cent this year.
TheILOis warning that 1.6 billion workers in the informal economynearly
half of the global workforcestand in immediate danger of having their
livelihoods destroyed. And remittances to developing countries have
already fallen by 20 per cent. All of this will feed into higher rates
of poverty. In fact the World Bank has estimated that some 49 million
people could fall back into extreme poverty. But this is not
inevitable. We have the tools available globally to provide developing
countries with the fiscal space and the resources needed to support the
incomes of the poorest; to protect their communities from the worst
effects and to be ready for recovery. And building on this we can
recover better increasing the coverage of essential services;
generating green jobs for a green recovery. Do you expect women to be
disproportionally affected by the pandemic? Outreach workers in Syria
say they are worried about the vulnerability of women and girls under
curfew. by UNFPA Syria Women are on the front lines of COVID-19. Saving
lives as first responders finding solutions as innovators standing up
to the pandemic as political leaders. More men are dying from the virus
than women but women are bearing the brunt of this pandemic in other
ways. Women make up nearly 60 per cent of the informal economy they
earn less and are at greater risk of falling into poverty. They are the
majority of the worlds older people more likely to live alone and less
likely to have access to the internet or mobile phones thus increasing
their risk of isolation. Weve seen a terrifying increase in violence
against women. We know that staying at home is fostering the perfect
storm for domestic violence. We know that gender equality and womens
rights are essential to building a better future for everyone. And Ive
been inspired by women leaders who have stepped up to face the pandemic
and are rising to for all to come together in solidarity. What concerns
do you have about development funding from richer nations decreasing as
the global economy falters? Right now we are not seeing a drop in
funding. The UN is crystal clear that the worlds response is only as
strong as the weakest health system. And governments recognize that the
virus does not respect borders. They also know that if the virus
spreads rapidly to contexts affected by humanitarian crises or in a
number of developing countries then the risks of political instability
of conflict or of displacement are very real. No one stands to benefit
from this. There may be short-term benefits for the climate during this
crisis but how will action to reduce climate change which is central to
poverty reduction be affected in the long term? Global emissions are
forecast to decline by around 6 per cent during the COVID-19 pandemic.
However we know that the economic and industrial downturn as a result
of thecoronaviruspandemic is not a substitute for sustained climate
action. Economies can grow and jobs created alongside ambitious climate
action if the right investments are made now to accelerate the
decarbonization of the global economies. We need sustained climate
action for many years to come to meet the goals of theParis Agreement.
Is it possible to turn crisis into a catalyst for achieving goals and
reducing inequalities? Absolutely. And in some respects there is no
choice here. We cannot afford to go back to the world we had before
this crisis. That would mean leaving unaddressed the vulnerabilities
and fragilities that this crisis has brought into plain sight: massive
underinvestment in health and social protection; massive global and
local inequalities; the onward march towards the destruction of nature
and climate catastrophe; the erosion of democratic norms that are core
to protecting rights and ensuring social cohesion. We have a unique
opportunity now to leverage this crisis to kickstart a Decade of Action
to deliver the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). Is the timetable
for realizing the goals which will help to reduce inequality now
unrealistic? This crisis has already demonstrated that massive change
can be brought about if there is political will and unity of purpose.
The SDGs are no longer an aspirational set of goals for some distant
future. They are the minimum we need to secure a safer more just and
more sustainable world for all. If leaders from across society attach
the same level of importance and urgency to the fight against poverty
hunger and climate change we will find success in this Decade of Action
on the SDGs. Original article posted on UN News here Women are on the
front lines of COVID-19. Saving lives as first responders finding
solutions as innovators standing up to the pandemic as political
leaders. More men are dying from the virus than women but women are
bearing the brunt of this pandemic in other ways. Women make up nearly
60 per cent of the informal economy they earn less and are at greater
risk of falling into poverty. They are the majority of the worlds older
people more likely to live alone and less likely to have access to the
internet or mobile phones thus increasing their risk of isolation. Weve
seen a terrifying increase in violence against women. We know that
staying at home is fostering the perfect storm for domestic violence.
We know that gender equality and womens rights are essential to
building a better future for everyone. And Ive been inspired by women
leaders who have stepped up to face the pandemic and are rising to for
all to come together in solidarity. What concerns do you have about
development funding from richer nations decreasing as the global
economy falters? Right now we are not seeing a drop in funding. The UN
is crystal clear that the worlds response is only as strong as the
weakest health system. And governments recognize that the virus does
not respect borders. They also know that if the virus spreads rapidly
to contexts affected by humanitarian crises or in a number of
developing countries then the risks of political instability of
conflict or of displacement are very real. No one stands to benefit
from this. There may be short-term benefits for the climate during this
crisis but how will action to reduce climate change which is central to
poverty reduction be affected in the long term? Global emissions are
forecast to decline by around 6 per cent during the COVID-19 pandemic.
However we know that the economic and industrial downturn as a result
of thecoronaviruspandemic is not a substitute for sustained climate
action. Economies can grow and jobs created alongside ambitious climate
action if the right investments are made now to accelerate the
decarbonization of the global economies. We need sustained climate
action for many years to come to meet the goals of theParis Agreement.
Is it possible to turn crisis into a catalyst for achieving goals and
reducing inequalities? Absolutely. And in some respects there is no
choice here. We cannot afford to go back to the world we had before
this crisis. That would mean leaving unaddressed the vulnerabilities
and fragilities that this crisis has brought into plain sight: massive
underinvestment in health and social protection; massive global and
local inequalities; the onward march towards the destruction of nature
and climate catastrophe; the erosion of democratic norms that are core
to protecting rights and ensuring social cohesion. We have a unique
opportunity now to leverage this crisis to kickstart a Decade of Action
to deliver the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). Is the timetable
for realizing the goals which will help to reduce inequality now
unrealistic? This crisis has already demonstrated that massive change
can be brought about if there is political will and unity of purpose.
The SDGs are no longer an aspirational set of goals for some distant
future. They are the minimum we need to secure a safer more just and
more sustainable world for all. If leaders from across society attach
the same level of importance and urgency to the fight against poverty
hunger and climate change we will find success in this Decade of Action
on the SDGs. Original article posted on UN News here United Nations SDG
10: Reduced Inequalities

Expected class: 1
Predicted class: 3
Ordered labels: ['ODS3', 'ODS16', 'ODS5', 'ODS9', 'ODS8', 'ODS2', 'ODS13', 'ODS10', 'ODS1', 'ODS15', 'ODS7', 'ODS4', 'ODS17', 'ODS6', 'ODS12', 'ODS11', 'ODS14']
Percentages labels: [19.152536386417836, 11.690356759692, 8.247205148107298, 8.084616027110716, 7.311464523658044, 5.619227081578113, 5.10428259026572, 4.540543238202343, 4.341798972832094, 3.6474006489803643, 3.4311996476300486, 3.3596278109200695, 3.30786871611002, 1.8377818833403041, 1.5395435913981983, 0.6303187408416528, 0.1542280943263507]

--------------------------------
Credits Coffee Handler with Beans from Coffee Cooperative Coffee is not
only the primary cash crop in Timor-Leste it is the main income earner
after oil and gas | UN Photo/Martine Perret Investment Advisor Joint
SDG Fund Part 2: Crafting a UN systemic response By end of March-in the
midst of the COVID-19 crisis - the Joint SDG Fund received 258
proposals for supporting SDG financing interventions in over 100
countries including LDCs SIDS and countries experiencing conflict and
fragility (see this blog describing the SDG Financing Call). These
impressive proposals reflect a UN systemic response to accelerate the
achievements of the Sustainable Development Goals at the time of
COVID-19. Through public and private partnerships and innovative
approaches they aim to contribute to a future that is more sustainable
climate-resilient and inclusive. An early analysis of the Funds
portfolio suggests a number of contributions (often overlapping in
recognition of the Funds philosophy of integrated approaches impacting
multiple SDGs) to the COVID-19 economic and social response that is in
line with the UN framework for the immediate socio-economic response to
COVID-19 (i.e. pillars 3 4 5 6 and 8).[1] These contributions are
presented along the 2 components of the Call: ENABLING ENVIRONMENT: THE
SDG FINANCING ARCHITECTURE (Component 1) Haiti Cash for Work
Participants Receive Payment | UN Photo/Sophia Paris Operationalization
of public/private financial relief and recovery plans The readiness and
commitment of national and sub-national governments will determine the
results of the recovery plans on peoples lives. The UN can leverage its
existing work and partnerships to support the development and
enhancement of planning and delivery systems including financial
frameworks and enhanced local systems to improve execution and
procurement. Capacity development interventions can help channel the
necessary resources where they matter while effectively supporting the
delivery of services. Planned activities can structurally strengthen
existing financing structures and optimize the spending. They can
address knowledge gaps in SDG costing and expenditure support
multi-stakeholder platforms and inform policy and institutional reforms
to better align financing flows with the SDGs. Establishment of a new
generation of risk-responsive financing frameworks and solutions The
way in which revenues are spent is as important as how resources are
mobilized. Medium-term expenditure frameworks for example bring
together a comprehensive picture of a countrys fiscal system.
Expenditure frameworks should be aligned to the SDGs which can be
facilitated by integrated national financing frameworks (INFFs).
Revamped frameworks for performance-based fiscal transfers will help
people and businesses in need. INFFs and Government strategies need to
become more risk-aware learning from the financing mechanisms framed
for disaster risk response and climate change including emergency cash
transfers and insurance schemes. INFFs should also safeguard SDG
progress in the face of adversity and major future unforeseen crises.
Continuous participatory engagement and impact measurement for the SDGs
in financing frameworks As larger volumes of public and private
spending are allocated in the short and medium-term to crisis response
(both health and economic crises) participatory and inclusive
mechanisms suitable for review and impact measurement should be in
place. Effectiveness and efficiency considerations will grow in
importance as austerity may follow the expansionary period. Component 1
proposals support the development of high quality and inclusive
financing plans that are impartially monitored for impact. CATALYTIC
INVESTMENT FOR SDG ACCELERATION (Component 2) Haitians Plant and Save
Land in Cash-for-Work Programme |UN Photo/Logan Abassi Economic
recovery Small and Medium Enterprises and value-chain financing
including agriculture nature-based and social enterprises clearly
emerged as a priority from the portfolio-along with solutions
(including fintech)-in inclusive finance. Financial instruments linked
to blended finance structures such as guarantees smart subsidies and
technical assistance are also suggested. The exploration of thematic
bonds and faith-based financing is relevant in the current context
and-given early evidence of SDG/green bonds good performance. A second
group of proposals look at mobilizing resources for critical
infrastructure a typical feature of employment-generating recovery
plans. Critical infrastructure typically includes water and sanitation
and energy infrastructure. Vulnerable groups/countries and financing
for health and social protection The origin of the proposals received
has demonstrated the ability of the UN system to work in the most
difficult contexts on integrated approaches: LDCs submitted a record 57
concept notes (1/3 of submissions received) while most SIDS and
conflict/fragile countries submitted one or more concept notes.
Moreover some concept notes focus on financing solutions for vulnerable
groups such as children women and rural poor. These include financial
mechanisms to leverage multiple sources of financing to combat
malnutrition support early childhood development and education among
others. Management of natural ecosystems and climate actions The
COVID-19 crisis has not solved some of the other imminent threats for
the human society including the impact of climate change and the
destruction of ecosystems that permit life on earth. COVID-19 responses
should be mindful of these concurrent and inter-linked crises. Moreover
the increasing frequency of disease outbreaks can be directly linked to
climate change and biodiversity loss (WEF) including COVID-19 and
Ebola. Related concept notes propose blue and green finance solutions
for the better management of ecosystems and climate adaptation and
mitigation measures. Moreover the creation of sustainable and green
business should be a foundation of economic recovery (e.g. blue economy
for SIDS). The current health crisis holds profound lessons that can
help address climate change and protect our planet if people and
businesses greater economic and environmental resiliency becomes the
compass for the years ahead (McKinsey). While the world will
undoubtedly experience tough times ahead SDG financing frameworks are
part of the solution. Some of the positive trends that emerged before
the crisis from fintech to responsible investing and meaningful
public-private collaboration should now be accelerated. This health and
economic crisis is aunique opportunity to make the world more inclusive
and sustainable. The Joint SDG Fund looks forward to playing its role
and support a coherent and cohesive UN system. Component 1 programming
will support countries 'doing more and better with less' in the new
post-COVID world by integrating the SDGs across national public
financial systems and more effective public-private collaboration
ensuring that none is left behind. Component 2 programming will fast
track financing solutions for economic recovery that are inclusive and
centered on vulnerable groups to make societies and economies more
resilient and sustainable. With thanks for inputs from John Hardy Gail
Hurley Gregory De Paepe and Suren Poghosyan independent evaluators
1stCall on SDG Financing and Nomindari Enkhtur and Adriana Bazan Fuster
Joint SDG Fund ReadFinancing the SDGs at the time of COVID-19: A Brand
New World? Part 1: Reflections on Financing the SDGs [1] Investing in
Resilience: Community-led Resilience and Response Systems (3) Labor
Markets: Protecting Jobs and Promoting Decent Work (4) Economic
Recovery: Protecting SMEs farmers and the most vulnerable productive
actors (5) Macroeconomics: A surge in fiscal and financial stimulus (6)
and Multilateral/Regional collaboration: regional trade policies
connectivity and monetary-fiscal coordination (8).

Expected class: 17
Predicted class: 2
Ordered labels: ['ODS2', 'ODS1', 'ODS17', 'ODS6', 'ODS12', 'ODS16', 'ODS3', 'ODS9', 'ODS4', 'ODS13', 'ODS15', 'ODS7', 'ODS8', 'ODS11', 'ODS10', 'ODS5', 'ODS14']
Percentages labels: [5.423219489813766, 4.191076279333245, 4.131870417294644, 3.507346062408407, 3.22577832665598, 3.06150851525718, 2.741822107275285, 2.7215260407357618, 2.522473272299122, 2.179948609671292, 1.9954318276667138, 1.5805236295904672, 1.528454937761197, 0.8640679864705239, 0.8587950112901022, 0.39522587209448684, 0.07093237096327984]

--------------------------------
Parliamentary Assistant - European Parliament. On September 6th 2017 I
watched Hurricane Irma destroy my home the Caribbean island of Saint.
Maarten/Saint. Martin. After the hurricane passed I was unable to
contact my parents for over 24 hours. All I had to tide me over were
news broadcasts showing half of my island underwater flattened concrete
buildings and pieces of cars boats and roofs littering the streets. On
Saint. Maarten I grew up experiencing hurricanes and tropical storms.
However the apocalyptic destruction caused by Hurricane Irma was unlike
anything I could have imagined. It broke records in 2017 when it
maintained an intensity of 185 mph winds for 37 hours. More importantly
it showed me that un-contained climate change would eventually destroy
the place I call home. While hurricanes occur naturally there is
growing evidence that they are being supercharged by climate change.
Hurricanes begin with atmospheric heat and are fueled by warm ocean
water. The rise in greenhouse gasses can be linked to the rising
temperatures of ocean water. In fact since 1901 ocean surface
temperatures have increased by .072 C per decade. The hotter the air is
the more water the atmosphere can hold creating prime hurricane
conditions. The months of July in 2015 and 2016 were the hottest in 137
years. The heat from those months remained and kept the atmosphere
primed for hurricane season. The following Atlantic hurricane seasons
in 2017 2018 and 2019 led to record hurricanes including Hurricane Irma
Hurricane Maria Hurricane Harvey Hurricane Florence Hurricane Michael
and Hurricane Dorian. The United Nations recognizes 29 Small Island
Developing States (SIDS) in the Caribbean region. Most of these SIDs
are located in prime hurricane real estate and are extremely vulnerable
to the damage caused by major storms due to their topography low sea
levels and limited funds for disaster preparedness. In fact despite the
differences among Caribbean island nations one commonality is that they
are extremely susceptible to the impacts of climate change despite
barely contributing to it. In 2017 survivors on my island and other
Caribbean nations had to contend with a loss of proper habitat
prolonged power outages a shortage of necessities such as water and
food strained mental health increased chronic/vector/water-borne
diseases and debilitated or non- existent health care facilities. Not
only is climate change creating inhabitable and dangerous environments
but it is also leading to exacerbating levels of migration. Going
beyond the Caribbean climate inaction is expected to lead to the
migration of over 143 million people in just Latin America South Asia
and Sub Saharan Africa by 2050. Increased migration is projected to
lead to conflicts over natural resources competition over water and
food security concerns disease and rising hostile nationalism. While
worsening hurricanes are the primary battle that many Caribbean SIDS
will face all countries will have their own climate change battles.
Therefore we must band together regardless of nationality to combat
climate change through SDG 13. According to UNEP we are on the brink of
impactful action. Any temperature increase past 1.5 C will result in
progressively severe and widespread consequences. Currently
temperatures have already increased by 1.1C. To limit the rise of
temperatures emissions worldwide must be reduced by a collective 7.6%
every year between 2020 and 2030.The risk of climate change inaction
also has dire economic consequences. For every additional ton of CO2
the global social cost exceeds $400. Based on 2017 CO2 emissions the
global impact exceeds $16 trillion. Youth must be at the forefront of
the climate battle. Current climate plans are not stringent enough to
tackle present emission levels or create lasting impact before 2030. In
many cases party politics cloud scientific facts and some countries
continue to pretend that we need to choose between economic prosperity
and the health of citizens. Future and current generations must have a
say in climate action as we are the ones who will be the most impacted
by it. These are several actionable items that we as youth can engage
in to further SDG 13: We can create and lead advocacy movements that
spread climate awareness We can raise funds and use the income to
promote sustainable change We can get involved in local politics and
push our politicians to pass sustainable policies and laws. We can
volunteer our time to climate change NGOs and organizations. We can
harness the power of social media to connect and create truly global
movements and communities. We are the last generation that can combat
climate change. If we do not take action by implementing the necessary
preventative measures in the next decade it will be especially damaging
to SIDS such as my island Saint. Maarten. Some may even be destroyed
beyond repair. But most importantly it will lead to the creation of a
potentially uninhabitable world and economy for all generations to come
regardless of nationality monetary status or physical location.

Expected class: 13
Predicted class: 13
Ordered labels: ['ODS13', 'ODS9', 'ODS2', 'ODS6', 'ODS10', 'ODS16', 'ODS17', 'ODS7', 'ODS12', 'ODS3', 'ODS1', 'ODS5', 'ODS15', 'ODS4', 'ODS8', 'ODS11', 'ODS14']
Percentages labels: [8.233427399873781, 6.268770338212257, 4.124207695894095, 3.7227365792642093, 3.60512984899602, 3.4634092755052013, 3.1076129292282215, 2.9842908360684146, 2.7909517299341533, 2.3456931695535017, 1.957557009806462, 1.164786332646318, 1.0742785532996078, 1.0413656157039934, 0.4959804288673793, 0.4088615558821808, 0.21094041863721838]

--------------------------------
On April 27 - May 2 the Legal Aid Service (LAS) attorneys undertookthe
training of trainers course on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities
(PWDs) - International and National Standards. Photo: OHCHR Georgia The
training was held with the support from theSouth Caucasus Field
Presence of the High Commissioner for Human Rights(OHCHR) with the
funds from theUN Sustainable Development Fund(SDG Fund) and theUnited
Nations Partnership for the Rights of Persons with
Disabilities(UNPRPD). After this training on these attorneys are
eligible to build capacity of their fellow lawyers using the curriculum
developed by OHCHR with the financial support from the UN SDG Fund.
Welcoming the training participants OHCHR Program ManagerSophio
Benashviliemphasized the importance of legal aid for PWDs for full
realization of their rights. According to her there is a need to focus
on the continuing education of lawyers and human rights defenders in
international and local standards of communication with PWDs. There is
still a big need of raising public awareness on the need and rights of
PWDs as there are still discriminatory attitudes and stigma towards
PWDs in the society. State institutions should take the term
'inclusiveness' in a broad sense as a means by which any citizen can
function in a society. said the training participant a lawyer of the
LAS Teona Kvernadze. Ledi Kordzadze a lawyer of the LAS believes that
PWDs are full-fledged members of society and they do not need morality
from society and the state. Their right to full realization of human
rights and fundamental freedoms is guaranteed. Therefore it is our role
as lawyers to protect PWDs rights by establishing proper communication
with them. As a practicing lawyer it was very important for me to get
acquainted with the theoretical material and practice of international
and national legislation on the rights of PWDs. This will help me to
set a strategy on how to restore PWDs rights of labor independent
living and other basic rights. At the same time my role as a future
trainer is particularly responsible to help my colleagues increase
their knowledge about the rights of PWDs. LAS consultant Lela Euashvili
pointed out. The right of access to justice gives any person the
opportunity to protect another person and his/her rights. Consequently
the right to access to justice is a vital right for PWDs. We the
lawyers have a special role to play in helping PWDs realize these
important rights without compromising their other rights and it is
important to constantly deepen our knowledge and pass it on to our
colleagues. Stated Tea Kaulashvili a lawyer of the LAS. The topics
covered at the training included: Standards for the Relationship with
Persons with Disabilities; the United Nations Convention on the Rights
of Persons with Disabilities; Practice of the UN Committee on the
Rights of Persons with Disabilities in relation to specific rights; the
National Legislative Framework for the Protection of Persons with
Disabilities; techniques and methods of conducting the training. Among
the trainers were experts: Ekaterine Tavartkiladze Sopho Chachava
Giorgi Chkheidze Ana Abashidze and Ana Arganashvili.

Expected class: 17
Predicted class: 16
Ordered labels: ['ODS16', 'ODS9', 'ODS1', 'ODS17', 'ODS2', 'ODS7', 'ODS8', 'ODS5', 'ODS13', 'ODS12', 'ODS15', 'ODS3', 'ODS11', 'ODS4', 'ODS10', 'ODS6', 'ODS14']
Percentages labels: [5.257266982300758, 2.8439878300417973, 2.487438036461086, 2.3926823717457744, 2.3894924249162157, 1.505965144246322, 1.137549410946622, 0.8390006864820472, 0.7760292215634217, 0.3943768506498833, 0.24682669637391777, 0.21271533814938012, 0.1809519435448872, 0.16269613059186996, 0.14582298836107147, 0.02452508717802681, 0.0026729574806391414]

--------------------------------
Credits Photo: UN Women/Ryan Brown Introduction byDeputy
Secretary-General Amina J. Mohammed In 2020 its difficult to fathom
that there are still women pioneers in centuries-old fields like
banking and finance. That there are still firsts when it comes to women
joining corporate boards or leading companies when it should be the
norm that the world profits from women in leadership that has been
mainstreamed. In his recentspeech on women and power the United Nations
Secretary-General and feminist-in-chief Antonio Guterres pointed out
the worlds need for more womens voices at the forefront in peace
negotiations and trade talks and in boardrooms. When women enter spaces
once dominated by men it changes those spaces bringing in new
perspectives correcting blind spots andultimately improving
decision-making. It will take women and men to make this a reality.
Because anyone who has the privilege to sit at the table has a
responsibility to make room for parity. We are just a few days away
from celebrating International Womens Day and I am thrilled
thatKristalina Georgieva Managing Director of the International
Monetary Fund andLouise Levonian Executive Director of the
International Monetary Fund are sharing their plans for parity with us.
Photo: Lara Blanco Rothe ByKristalina GeorgievaandLouise Levonian Where
are all the women? It is a question we shouldnt have to ask in 2020.
But we do. Why? Because there are simply too few women in leadership
positions all over the world. On the eve of International Womens Day
and as we approach the 100th anniversary of women getting the vote here
in the US the time is right to get a handle on the problem. IMF
staffresearchfrom a wide array of perspectives clearly shows the
economic benefits of promoting gender equality policies. And the bottom
line is this more women in the workforce and in more senior positions
is good news for women good news for businesses and good news for their
countries economies. Despite some progress large gender gaps in
employment and income persist. For example the average workforce
participation rate for women globally sits 20 percentage points lower
than the male rate. Moreover on average across countries women have
just three-fourths of the legal rights such as owning property
receiving an inheritance or opening a bank account afforded to men. And
even though five advanced economies have a gender gap of 5 percentage
points or lower the average gap for advanced economies remains at 10
percentage points. Together these imbalances are not only costly to
society in the form of lower productivity and forgone economic growth.
They also rob women of economic empowerment and leadership
opportunities. More women at the top Look at the financial system.
Women are missing at all levels from depositors and borrowers to bank
board members and regulators. Women also account for less than two per
cent of financial institutions chief executive officers and less than
20 per cent of executive board members. Mounting evidence suggests
however that narrowing the gender gap in leadership does pay off. In a
previouspaper IMF staff found that banks with higher shares of women
board members had higher capital buffers a lower proportion of
nonperforming loans and greater resistance to financial stress. IMF
staff also found the same relationship between bank stability and the
presence of women on banking regulatory boards. In another IMF
staffstudy which looked at two million firms in 34 countries in Europe
greater gender diversity in senior positions was associated with higher
profitability of firms. More precisely it found that one more woman in
senior management or on a corporate board is associated with 813 basis
points higher return on assets. These findings demonstrate the
beneficial effects of greater diversity of views on boards as it
broadens the range ofperspectivesand improves the quality of decision
making and discussion leading to better outcomes for businesses. From
laggers to leaders Still just 18 per cent of firms globally are led
bywomen and on average only 22 per cent of board members in OECD
countries are women. There is even lower representation in emerging
economies such as India at 13 per cent or 8 per cent in Brazil.
Progress has been slow to say the least. At the IMF we are trying to
walk the walk. Currently over 30 percent of staff in senior management
are women and 35 per cent of department directors are women. We also
continue to promote gender diversity on our Executive Board. While
female representation over the past 14 years has increased overall as
more women are holding advisor and senior advisor positions the share
of female executive directors has hovered around 49 per cent. Currently
women hold three out of 24 executive director positions and three of 30
alternate executive director positions with total representation at 9
per cent for 2019. More women on the IMFs executive board means more
diverse views at the table tackling todays critical global challenges
such as climate change inequality and social inclusion by developing
innovative solutions for our 189-member countries. It can also enhance
institutional performance and effectiveness. Indeed previous studies
have shown that when companies invest more in gender diversity they
tend to receive higher dividends on organizational excellence including
through leadership direction accountability and values relative to
non-diverse companies. This brings us to how our initial question of
why there are so few women leaders applies to the IMFs own Executive
Board. To respond we plan to: Raise awareness with member-country
governments on the importance of considering and selecting more women
to be nominated as Executive and Alternate Executive Directors.Consider
how the Fund as an institution could reduce barriers to gender
diversity at the Board. Provide networking opportunities for female
staff to meet and share experiences to informally mentor others during
their tenure at the IMF. As we celebrate International Womens Day and
the achievements of women from all around the world we must remember
that including women in the global economy requires action. We can
continue to push harder and do more. The next time someone asks where
are all the women? I believe we will be able to proudly sayin the
boardroom. ByKristalina GeorgievaandLouise Levonian Where are all the
women? It is a question we shouldnt have to ask in 2020. But we do.
Why? Because there are simply too few women in leadership positions all
over the world. On the eve of International Womens Day and as we
approach the 100th anniversary of women getting the vote here in the US
the time is right to get a handle on the problem. IMF staffresearchfrom
a wide array of perspectives clearly shows the economic benefits of
promoting gender equality policies. And the bottom line is this more
women in the workforce and in more senior positions is good news for
women good news for businesses and good news for their countries
economies. Despite some progress large gender gaps in employment and
income persist. For example the average workforce participation rate
for women globally sits 20 percentage points lower than the male rate.
Moreover on average across countries women have just three-fourths of
the legal rights such as owning property receiving an inheritance or
opening a bank account afforded to men. And even though five advanced
economies have a gender gap of 5 percentage points or lower the average
gap for advanced economies remains at 10 percentage points. Together
these imbalances are not only costly to society in the form of lower
productivity and forgone economic growth. They also rob women of
economic empowerment and leadership opportunities. More women at the
top Look at the financial system. Women are missing at all levels from
depositors and borrowers to bank board members and regulators. Women
also account for less than two per cent of financial institutions chief
executive officers and less than 20 per cent of executive board
members. Mounting evidence suggests however that narrowing the gender
gap in leadership does pay off. In a previouspaper IMF staff found that
banks with higher shares of women board members had higher capital
buffers a lower proportion of nonperforming loans and greater
resistance to financial stress. IMF staff also found the same
relationship between bank stability and the presence of women on
banking regulatory boards. In another IMF staffstudy which looked at
two million firms in 34 countries in Europe greater gender diversity in
senior positions was associated with higher profitability of firms.
More precisely it found that one more woman in senior management or on
a corporate board is associated with 813 basis points higher return on
assets. These findings demonstrate the beneficial effects of greater
diversity of views on boards as it broadens the range ofperspectivesand
improves the quality of decision making and discussion leading to
better outcomes for businesses. From laggers to leaders Still just 18
per cent of firms globally are led bywomen and on average only 22 per
cent of board members in OECD countries are women. There is even lower
representation in emerging economies such as India at 13 per cent or 8
per cent in Brazil. Progress has been slow to say the least. At the IMF
we are trying to walk the walk. Currently over 30 percent of staff in
senior management are women and 35 per cent of department directors are
women. We also continue to promote gender diversity on our Executive
Board. While female representation over the past 14 years has increased
overall as more women are holding advisor and senior advisor positions
the share of female executive directors has hovered around 49 per cent.
Currently women hold three out of 24 executive director positions and
three of 30 alternate executive director positions with total
representation at 9 per cent for 2019. More women on the IMFs executive
board means more diverse views at the table tackling todays critical
global challenges such as climate change inequality and social
inclusion by developing innovative solutions for our 189-member
countries. It can also enhance institutional performance and
effectiveness. Indeed previous studies have shown that when companies
invest more in gender diversity they tend to receive higher dividends
on organizational excellence including through leadership direction
accountability and values relative to non-diverse companies. This
brings us to how our initial question of why there are so few women
leaders applies to the IMFs own Executive Board. To respond we plan to:
Raise awareness with member-country governments on the importance of
considering and selecting more women to be nominated as Executive and
Alternate Executive Directors.Consider how the Fund as an institution
could reduce barriers to gender diversity at the Board. Provide
networking opportunities for female staff to meet and share experiences
to informally mentor others during their tenure at the IMF. As we
celebrate International Womens Day and the achievements of women from
all around the world we must remember that including women in the
global economy requires action. We can continue to push harder and do
more. The next time someone asks where are all the women? I believe we
will be able to proudly sayin the boardroom. More interesting reading
Caroline Criado-Perez writes in her bookInvisible Womenthat we live in
a world that is in large part designed for men. Its easy to relate to
the scenarios she puts forth and data gaps we need to close. Originally
published on theDeputy Secretary-General Amina J. Mohammed's Medium
here. More interesting reading Caroline Criado-Perez writes in her
bookInvisible Womenthat we live in a world that is in large part
designed for men. Its easy to relate to the scenarios she puts forth
and data gaps we need to close. Originally published on theDeputy
Secretary-General Amina J. Mohammed's Medium here.

Expected class: 5
Predicted class: 16
Ordered labels: ['ODS16', 'ODS5', 'ODS8', 'ODS3', 'ODS7', 'ODS10', 'ODS9', 'ODS13', 'ODS17', 'ODS2', 'ODS6', 'ODS4', 'ODS1', 'ODS12', 'ODS15', 'ODS11', 'ODS14']
Percentages labels: [23.376307865641735, 16.408379982863835, 11.176630358639555, 8.250974534243301, 6.315065469831099, 6.164492601367359, 5.2579928957719755, 3.508838701280855, 3.41034816443102, 2.925477624223946, 2.173802521085725, 1.5218682746897318, 1.351140449554339, 0.9487588040510319, 0.5311798681764057, 0.40391657429961575, 0.27482493796924423]

--------------------------------
Credits Mexico UNDP appeals to the governments civil society academia
private sector international organizations and families to understand
how much differently COVID-19 will affect women than men. Photo: UNDP
Mexico Governance and Democracy Associate and Gender Focal Point UNDP
Mexico The coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic has the world in check
andMexico is no exception.Yet the virus despite its unprecedent scale
and speed of transmission represents many of the same challenges for
women as other crises. In it women are in thefrontline
ashealthprofessionals volunteers and caregivers and areoften performing
several of thosetasksat the same time.They arealso
disproportionatelyaffected by thelack of health care their level of
unpaid work and by the violencethat exists in thesespaces whether
public or private. It isessential to analyzeour responseto COVID-19
with women in mind since wecan predict that they will be affected
differently. To slow the spread of the virus the Government of Mexico
has closed public and private schools and non-essential businesses and
encouraged social distancingwhere citizens are advised to stay at home
as much as possible and when out in public to be two metres away from
others. Having children home from school places an extra burden on
women. It is estimated that three-quarters of the unpaid care workis
done by women equivalent to US$287.291 million dollarsper year or23.5
percent of national GDP.Also according to OXFAM women constitute
two-thirds of the workforce that deals with paid care work. In this
situation care policiesshould beconsideredan extraordinary provision
ofsocial security formothers and fathers who in health crises like the
present need to to beabsentfrom their work to take care of
children.This would allow both men and women not
tohavenegativeconsequencesin economic and professionalterms andin
theuse of their time. In Mexico of the475 000 people in nursing careers
only 15 percent are men so women are in thefrontlineof healthcare
exposing themdirectly to the coronavirus. The security and health of
first responders must be apriority.However as nursesarealso most
probably the onesin charge of the care workin their homes itis
important thathealth systemsconsideredpermits forhealth workers
regardless of their gender toleaveand care for their families. In the
last 10 years 43.9 percent of Mexican women aged 15 and over19.1
millionhave faced violence from a current or former partner.These
figures pose a scenario that couldincreasetherisk of violence. Women
survivors may face additional obstacles toescapeviolent situations due
to the obligation toshare a home with their aggressors. Itis vital
thatessential services count on protocols forprevention and control and
minimize the riskof violence and where appropriate act against these
contexts. The inequalities that women facefortheir development are
deep.Mexico UNDP appealstothegovernments civil society academia private
sector international organizations and families tounderstand how
differently COVID-19 will affect womenthan men.This willallow for
egalitarian policies toavoidreproducing inequality and to insureno one
is left behind. Original article posted on UNDP here

Expected class: 17
Predicted class: 16
Ordered labels: ['ODS16', 'ODS3', 'ODS5', 'ODS10', 'ODS17', 'ODS2', 'ODS9', 'ODS4', 'ODS7', 'ODS8', 'ODS1', 'ODS12', 'ODS13', 'ODS15', 'ODS11', 'ODS6', 'ODS14']
Percentages labels: [7.445107582310925, 5.734044380423439, 3.9063534012536585, 2.402596830801788, 1.7116616036850367, 1.6980386902590296, 1.0572351062965204, 0.8718116945681282, 0.6341253732599029, 0.546948975500918, 0.37921031295519564, 0.15797089971440936, 0.14157505964064532, 0.12043155783427292, 0.10578397379592802, 0.06571391835588443, 0.021390329724375826]

--------------------------------
Credits Nguyen Thi Ngoc (not her real name) enjoys her time with her
newborn. Photo ILO/Nicolas Axelrod Viet Nam's social insurance reform
looks into various options to develop a multi-tiered structure which
offers support to working parents of newborns in compulsory and
voluntary system. HANOI (ILO News) On an abnormally hot day in late
summer a sudden blackout made the atmosphere in a small alley in Binh
Xa Village Binh Phu Commune Thach That District in the outskirt of
Hanoi almost unbreathable. Two young women were busy nursing their
newborns who both did not seem comfortable with the heat.Living at two
premises so close to each other that they could hear the other babys
crying Nguyen Thi Lan and Nguyen Thi Ngoc were both 22 years old and
could be seen in their pajamas almost day long like many other
stay-at-home mums.Despite many similarities Lan and Ngoc lived
completely opposite lives as the way their homes faced each other. Lan
a single mum with neither income nor insurance was struggling to feed
her two children and paying the rent for an 8sq.m apartment on her own.
Meanwhile Ngoc happily lived with her husband in a new 3-storey house a
wedding present from her parents-in-law and would soon return to her
full time accounting job after the 6-month maternity leave.However they
met again as both new mothers were still in a shock of how having
children can be that financially challenging.Our just-married life was
so comfortable with our income as we already had a house thanks to our
parents support. But with a little girl now it is not that easy anymore
said Ngoc who holds a university degree and an insured job with
potential benefits for her small family as her husband a carpenter does
not have a formal employment. I have to think twice now before buying
anything.Both women wished if only they had a regular financial support
to cover the costs of feeding and bringing up their tiny angels.Lan and
Ngoc are among 44 per cent of all workers in Viet Nam who are currently
experiencing the challenge the extra cost of bringing up children
according to a new study by the International Labour Organization
(ILO).Among them Lans case could be towards the darker end of the
spectrum.Moving in with her wealthy boyfriend two years ago when she
worked as a garment worker without a formal contract they soon welcomed
their first baby boy with tremendous happiness. But when finding out
that she was pregnant with their second child she also discovered that
he was cheating on her.Completely shattered Lan moved out rented the
slum-like apartment in this village to live with her first son waiting
for her due date although she no longer worked at the factory and
received no financial support from the wealthy boyfriend.I have been
using all my savings to pay the rent and childcare fee for my son both
about VND2 million per month. My aunt brings us some food every day.
But since this little girl was born I have had to also buy formula
which is costly as I dont have any breast milk possibly because I have
been under-nourished she said throwing a sorrowful gaze at her
20-day-old infant whom she intended to leave with her aunt in two
months time to go back to work. Social security People can never
anticipate their lives can change like that so fast. Thats why the ILO
insists on the importance of the social security system to make sure
that life challenges dont push people into poverty. If Lan hadever
known she would go on that downward spiral she would not have left her
factory job. She even wished the factory had paid social insurance for
her so she could have had at least maternity benefits and health
insurance for herself and the baby. Nguyen Thi Lan (not her real name)
with her two children outside her rented apartment. Photo ILO/Nicolas
Axelrod In Viet Nam around 44 per cent of uninsured workers have
children.Of these working parents more than half or 56 per cent would
be considered insurable under existing regulations of Viet Nam Social
Security so it makes sense for the social insurance system to develop
tools to appeal to the particular needs and challenges of this group
said Betina Ramirez Lopez social protection officer of the ILO in Viet
Nam.The ILO in Viet Nam through IrishAid-funded project on Social
Protection and Inclusive Growth has been helping the country develop
and implement a comprehensive social insurance reform which is now also
considering family benefits or monthly cash allowance for working
mothers with children.There is ample evidence from around the world
that social protection for families and children not only reduces
poverty but supports better nutritional and health improves school
attendance and performance reduces the risk of abuse maltreatment and
child labour and setting the children up to be happier and more
productive workers and citizens in the future said Ramirez
Lopez.Inspired by the Viet Nam Social Security agency the reform looks
into various options to develop a multi-tiered system which offers
support to working mothers of newborns in compulsory and voluntary
system.Bringing in all of the workers that are currently experiencing
the challenge of bringing up children could increase social insurance
coverage to half of the working age population while also securing
adequate protection for all families said the ILO specialist. Income
security for children is considered one of the four basic social
security guarantees by ILO Recommendation 202 on social protection
floors and Convention 102 on social security. If rolled out nationally
the Vietnamese Family Benefit would complement additional provisions
such as the maternity leave and health insurance already available to
workers. Taking advantage of this opportunity can set Viet Nam on a
path to developing a coherent and well-designed family support
mechanism within the emerging social security system one that fits for
a rapidly growing middle-income country creates happiness to all
workers and brings the smile back to the new mums Lan and Ngoc.
________________ (*) The names of the characters have been changed.
Original article posted on ILO Viet Nam here In Viet Nam around 44 per
cent of uninsured workers have children.Of these working parents more
than half or 56 per cent would be considered insurable under existing
regulations of Viet Nam Social Security so it makes sense for the
social insurance system to develop tools to appeal to the particular
needs and challenges of this group said Betina Ramirez Lopez social
protection officer of the ILO in Viet Nam.The ILO in Viet Nam through
IrishAid-funded project on Social Protection and Inclusive Growth has
been helping the country develop and implement a comprehensive social
insurance reform which is now also considering family benefits or
monthly cash allowance for working mothers with children.There is ample
evidence from around the world that social protection for families and
children not only reduces poverty but supports better nutritional and
health improves school attendance and performance reduces the risk of
abuse maltreatment and child labour and setting the children up to be
happier and more productive workers and citizens in the future said
Ramirez Lopez.Inspired by the Viet Nam Social Security agency the
reform looks into various options to develop a multi-tiered system
which offers support to working mothers of newborns in compulsory and
voluntary system.Bringing in all of the workers that are currently
experiencing the challenge of bringing up children could increase
social insurance coverage to half of the working age population while
also securing adequate protection for all families said the ILO
specialist. Income security for children is considered one of the four
basic social security guarantees by ILO Recommendation 202 on social
protection floors and Convention 102 on social security. If rolled out
nationally the Vietnamese Family Benefit would complement additional
provisions such as the maternity leave and health insurance already
available to workers. Taking advantage of this opportunity can set Viet
Nam on a path to developing a coherent and well-designed family support
mechanism within the emerging social security system one that fits for
a rapidly growing middle-income country creates happiness to all
workers and brings the smile back to the new mums Lan and Ngoc.
________________ (*) The names of the characters have been changed.
Original article posted on ILO Viet Nam here

Expected class: 1
Predicted class: 2
Ordered labels: ['ODS2', 'ODS3', 'ODS1', 'ODS12', 'ODS9', 'ODS8', 'ODS16', 'ODS13', 'ODS17', 'ODS4', 'ODS6', 'ODS15', 'ODS10', 'ODS11', 'ODS14', 'ODS5', 'ODS7']
Percentages labels: [9.480168129712663, 8.63184174313278, 8.600659962492177, 4.106699052582766, 3.5172006361450676, 2.6709086295989755, 2.459615006978064, 2.263916011790528, 1.736047030116937, 1.1287188119392546, 0.8934786213927839, 0.8234347248427234, 0.7925431153474629, 0.3747930222771278, 0.23827782610059806, 0.17261410984736086, 0.10908328132731807]

--------------------------------
Credits SDG Global Festival of Action Credit: Steve Buswell Social
research and public policy student at New York UniversityMillenium
campus network fellow and SDG global youth advocate As the world faces
the COVID-19 pandemic a crisis our generation has never seen before we
must recognize the unique opportunity it has provided us with to
experience and appreciate personal health in a way never done before
and in so doing find a way to promote SDG #3 good health and
well-being. The creation of a sustainable world and reaching economic
environmental and social goals is highly dependent on having a thriving
and healthy human population. This is why the coronavirus has rocked
the world leading to a multitude of socio-economic challenges that have
contributed to the world economic growth being slowed by a rate of 0.1%
in the last few months. At this moment in time the travel industry has
been crippled entire companies are shutting down and workers in the
service industry are facing the prospect of going months without pay.
While the effects of the virus are widespread and devastating we can
and already have started to learn from it. An example of this can be
seen among the youth who are leveraging social media as a way to spread
awareness and information about the virus. The youth in Kenya have been
particularly enthusiastic with this approach going as far as organizing
an online concert to raise awareness about the virus and emphasize the
importance of maintaining ones mental health while in quarantine. This
has resulted in a wider appreciation for our health and wellbeing on
social media. While this may not seem like much it presents itself as a
contributory factor to the control of COVID-19 and the promotion of SDG
#3 as a whole both now and in the future. This has been demonstrated by
a 2018 study by the University of Birmingham as it reported that up to
46% of youth surveyed made health related choices based on the social
media content that they consume. Public bodies organizations companies
and health authorities also have a responsibility to ensure that the
spread of COVID-19 is contained and that the lessons we are learning
from it are acted upon and replicated. However we as individuals need
to match their efforts as well so as to minimize the effects of the
current pandemic and avoid public health crises like these in future.
In a similar spirit the efforts of the youth doing their part to
contain the virus should not go unnoticed nor unsupported as groups
such as the Global Shapers have been able to impact more than 50
countries. Access to information and access to healthcare facilities
are basic rights all over the world and this is something that we can
all contribute to at an individual and social level with or without
financial resources. Thus as we hope for a swift end to this pandemic
we must remember to internalize and replicate the lessons that we have
learned concerning the utility of social media as an information
sharing tool in such times. Benjamin Franklin famously stated that an
apple a day keeps the doctor away but I dont think him nor anyone else
for that matter would have ever thought that a post a day could save
hundreds of lives.

Expected class: 3
Predicted class: 8
Ordered labels: ['ODS8', 'ODS1', 'ODS2', 'ODS4', 'ODS3', 'ODS16', 'ODS5', 'ODS7', 'ODS17', 'ODS9', 'ODS11', 'ODS15', 'ODS12', 'ODS13', 'ODS10', 'ODS6', 'ODS14']
Percentages labels: [3.2118222555363305, 2.46630540662304, 2.2989624860440743, 1.9565107617389321, 1.741551133746834, 1.3773895396859324, 0.9779344570539327, 0.8973341218829105, 0.8930283903248262, 0.7963784885163093, 0.2705182390949741, 0.03441202223771079, 0.028336459954161692, 0.01804174957977755, 0.014804139378011658, 0.012080370981750943, 0.004589918955457786]

--------------------------------
Credits Photo Credit @UNWomen University student in Bangladesh The
concept of Gender Equality is anything but foreign to the world. Yet
even after all of the marches petitions activism torture and even
deaths it seems like every step that is taken forward is faced with ten
steps back. SDG 5 on Gender Equality comprises targets that touch upon
a variety of issues that women face every day globally. One of those
targets to be achieved by the 2030 agenda states Eliminate all forms of
violence against all women and girls in the public and private spheres
including trafficking and sexual and other types of
exploitation.(UNDP). According to data from 87 countries across the
globe 1 in 5 women and girls who are under the age of 50 will have been
subjected to physical or sexual violence in the span of a year (UN
Women). One would think that all this data and research would help omit
domestic violence by bringing more awareness to the horror that is a
massive violation of rights; however if anything its as if things
havent improved as brought to light by the lockdowns imposed across
countries due to Covid-19. The very moment Covid-19 was declared as a
pandemic leaders across the world left no stones unturned to put into
practice advised methods of prevention and treatment that would help
slow the spread of the virus. The norm became city-wide and
country-wide lockdowns. These lockdowns meant social distancing and not
getting out of the house unless absolutely necessary. While for some it
was time to catch up on lost rest or practice a forgotten hobby for
victims of domestic violence it was the horror of knowing that they
were trapped in confined walls with their abusers with no possible
escape. In fact according to The Guardian Covid-19 is basically fueling
domestic violence. Advocates and activists have very openly expressed
the torture that victims may be subjected to during the lockdowns as
stress and isolation can trigger violent behaviors. This is owing to
the fact that these unprecedented times have been nothing but stressful
for everyone. The stay at home orders issued in light of the pandemic
have given abusers the space to physically vent out their frustrations
on the victims who range from children to women to men. Lockdowns have
also woven travel bans and restrictions making it impossible for
victims to escape to seek solace elsewhere. Perpetrators also have
begun to practice abuse by withholding objects of importance to the
victims such as phones and emotionally berating victims. It was these
notions of nightmares that became a reality. Indias NCW reported that
it had a registration of 587 domestic violence cases from March 23
April 16 which is a significant jump from 396 registrations taking
place between February 27 March 22. As reported by MPs in the UK calls
increased by 49% to a national domestic abuse helpline while killings
were reported to have doubled just weeks after the lockdown
implementation. From a report in April it was found that 14 women and 2
children had been killed in just the first 3 weeks of the lockdown
which is the highest number of killings in such a period of time in 11
years! In the first week of the lockdown abuse of male victims also saw
a surge with 35% rise in calls. According to a survey 4 249 women and
456 children were victims of domestic violence according to Manusher
Jonno Foundation (MJF) in Bangladesh during the pandemic lockdown.
Theres an indication of isolation and stress triggers as 1 672 women
and 424 children of that total were first time victims. While Italy saw
a fall in the reports of domestic violence almost after the completion
of a month of lockdown support groups actually showed concerns over the
fact that the fall in reported cases didnt necessarily indicate a
lesser amount of abuse it indicated a lesser ability to seek help.
Although calls saw a 55% decline in March 2020 when compared to the
same month last year the idea that it was nowhere close to the real
picture is what is horrifying. And while countries took initiatives to
fight this upsurge in domestic violence while keeping a hold of the
lockdown in the form of creating space to report via WhatsApp messaging
establishing increased hotline numbers and tele-counseling asking
citizens to keep an ear out to protect and report violent neighbors
providing hotel spaces for victims and even deciding not to fine them
for fleeing their household of violence its nowhere close to the end.
Because of the pandemic regulations new data suggests that at least 15
million additional cases of domestic violence can be expected around
the globe this year. Moreover its also being projected by research that
from 114 low and mid income countries 44 million women will not have
access to contraceptives because of the lockdowns which may result in
an estimation of 1 million unintentional pregnancies. According to
International Planned Parenthood Federation 5000 clinics have closed in
64 countries across the globe which Marie Stopes International reported
could result in 3 million unintentional pregnancies with 2.7 million
unsafe abortions and 11 000 deaths in pregnancy related cases. At the
end of the day we ask ourselves the same questions over and over again.
Why still? When will we be safe? Will gender based violence end?And the
most importantly will we have gender equality by 2030?

Expected class: 5
Predicted class: 16
Ordered labels: ['ODS16', 'ODS3', 'ODS1', 'ODS5', 'ODS8', 'ODS2', 'ODS10', 'ODS7', 'ODS13', 'ODS4', 'ODS9', 'ODS11', 'ODS17', 'ODS15', 'ODS12', 'ODS6', 'ODS14']
Percentages labels: [10.449457836945003, 5.547837873823888, 2.4305433758478796, 2.313082900471776, 2.11763967776517, 1.7143968869920698, 1.5223690427615388, 1.1662682288869273, 1.032128954623993, 0.7908711636669677, 0.7661848785661043, 0.5913505385731818, 0.2920718062113523, 0.16280216892193616, 0.057511562100742875, 0.039153196734581695, 0.006330690716078372]

--------------------------------
Credits Secretary-General Antnio Guterres speaks at the informal
virtual meeting of the 2020 ECOSOC Forum on Financing for Development
follow-up: Financing Sustainable Development in the Context of COVID-19
. @UN Photo/Eskinder Debebe Investment Advisor Joint SDG Fund Part 1:
Reflections on Financing the SDGs Over the last few months expressions
of alarm have cohabited with optimism in a unique way. While the world
has been hit with the hardest blow since World War Two optimists
envision a new world characterized by solidarity and joint action.
Still the crisis does not seem to have shuffled the cards: the poorest
will suffer the most and will likely become even poorer and more
vulnerable. With a large share of the worlds production chain in full
or partial lockdown vast numbers of people are already suffering the
loss of their incomes. The response from the states has been bold: in
matters of weeks over US$8 trillion has been mobilized to avoid even
larger crisis-induced business losses among the G20 economies. The
COVID-19 crisis has swiftly reaffirmed the role of public authorities
to lead the response of wider society (see Pikettys last contribution
in Le Monde and Mazzucatos in the Guardian). However the call for
solidarity-endorsed by most leaders everywhere-has failed to surpass
political and geographical boundaries and recovery plans remain largely
national. There is still time to act even though Official Development
Assistance is flat or backsliding as percentage of global GDP and the
calls from the United Nations (and others) remain open and largely
unfunded. The COVID-19 induced crisis will have a major negative impact
on efforts to achieve the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) around
the world. This note presents ways in which SDG financing enabling
measures and catalytic investments can fit and serve in these
challenging times. In this context the IMF switched from a general
forecast of growth in plus 160 countries to one in which 170 countries
may experience negative income growth and where about US$100 billion of
capital has already flown from developing countries a drop even sharper
than the 2008 financial crisis and the cost of borrowing is rising. The
way forward remains uncharted. The way financial measures and recovery
plans are shaped will define whether we can build a new world that is
fairer and sustainable. @UNWomen Financing responses to COVID-19 are
different in the sequential phases of the crisis i.e. preparedness
emergency and recovery. Preparedness is about investing early in
mitigation strategies and identifying financing instruments to be
accessed in the case of an emergency. Options available in the
emergency phase vary and depend on Government and private sector
ability to quickly deploy financial means and/or attract international
support. Recovery plans and aid rely on large monetary and fiscal
stimulus to rebalance the economy and provide liquidity. The IMF and
OECD created a data base of economic/financial measures announced by
countries worldwide along with appropriate recommendations. This is a
mix of several policies: liquidity support to the real and financial
sectors fiscal expansionary policies with transfers to individuals and
businesses (e.g. cash transfers etc.) and increased (often debt-funded)
public health and social protection spending. Central banks have
similarly enhanced existing quantitative easing schemes and other
expansionary measures. Public finance options are however not available
to many developing countries; record high-debt levels (see World Bank
analysis in Global Waves of Debt) leave limited space for monetary and
fiscal interventions. The IMFs facilities many of which were enhanced
after the financial crisis and with 25 countries now being extended
debt relief from the institution will be tested along with regional
ones but are still likely to be insufficient as they stand (see African
ministers of finance call for debt relief) including the IMFs
Catastrophe Containment and Relief Trust. Innovative financing models
have been announced by international financial institutions including
the African Development Banks US$3 billion COVID-19 social bond the
World Banks complementary US$14 billion COVID-19 response plan to the
Pandemic Emergency Financing Facility and others and others. IFC UN and
others have highlighted the potential of social or health bonds despite
limitations and criticism. The IMF has again been called upon to
aggressively issue Special Drawing Rights (Brookings). Moreover while
it is impossible to measure today there is anecdotal evidence that
philanthropy has also grown considerably - ranging from $billion-like
pledges (e.g. Jack Dorseys and Googles) to small individual-giving
while taking advantage of fintech (i.e. crowdfunding) and innovative
partnerships with corporations. The Gates foundation Mastercard and
Wellcome have launched the COVID-19 Therapeutics Accelerator to fund
R&D efforts. GoFundMe.com reported growth in donations with a US$120
million funding for COVID-19 campaigns. Vanguard Charitable donors
mobilized over US$31 million with an average grant of US$14 000
(Reuters as of April 07 2020). Plans are being outlined for the future.
For example one view is When the public health emergency of COVID-19
starts to subside government support should be prioritized for
companies sectors and business activities that help respond to crises
such as the climate emergency and inequality rather than those that
risk exacerbating them (Principles for Responsible Investment report on
COVID-19). COVID-19 is questioning-on a fundamental level-the role of
Environmental-Social-Governance (ESG) integration which is critical for
protecting and accelerating SDG achievements. Early evidence suggests
that investments in sustainable businesses are performing well during
the crisis also due in part to the impact of the oil prices on these
portfolios (impactalpha). Therefore the unfolding trends in financing
that were already in play prior to the COVID-19 crisis and which
offered ways forward in respect to closing the SDG financing gaps will
be even more relevant in shaping the economic and social recovery going
forward. These are: Technological innovations and fintech (i.e. faster
and inclusive outreach); The rapid growth of thematic or responsible
investing (i.e. alignment of capital with impact); Outcome and
results-based payment schemes and tools (i.e. science-based evidence of
impact); and Smart taxes and public incentives (i.e. a favorable
regulatory and enabling environment). By end of March-in the midst of
the COVID-19crisis the Joint SDG Fund received 258 proposals for
supporting SDG financing interventions in over 100 countries including
LDCs SIDS and countries experiencing conflict and fragility (see this
blog describing the SDG Financing Call). Experts and the UN are
reviewing these impressive proposals as a potential contribution to a
future that is more sustainable climate-resilient and inclusive. With
thanks for inputs from John Hardy Gail Hurley Gregory De Paepe and
Suren Poghosyan independent evaluators 1stCall on SDG Financing and
Nomindari Enkhtur and Adriana Bazan Fuster Joint SDG Fund ReadFinancing
the SDGs at the time of COVID: A Brand New World?Part 2: Crafting a UN
systemic response Financing responses to COVID-19 are different in the
sequential phases of the crisis i.e. preparedness emergency and
recovery. Preparedness is about investing early in mitigation
strategies and identifying financing instruments to be accessed in the
case of an emergency. Options available in the emergency phase vary and
depend on Government and private sector ability to quickly deploy
financial means and/or attract international support. Recovery plans
and aid rely on large monetary and fiscal stimulus to rebalance the
economy and provide liquidity. The IMF and OECD created a data base of
economic/financial measures announced by countries worldwide along with
appropriate recommendations. This is a mix of several policies:
liquidity support to the real and financial sectors fiscal expansionary
policies with transfers to individuals and businesses (e.g. cash
transfers etc.) and increased (often debt-funded) public health and
social protection spending. Central banks have similarly enhanced
existing quantitative easing schemes and other expansionary measures.
Public finance options are however not available to many developing
countries; record high-debt levels (see World Bank analysis in Global
Waves of Debt) leave limited space for monetary and fiscal
interventions. The IMFs facilities many of which were enhanced after
the financial crisis and with 25 countries now being extended debt
relief from the institution will be tested along with regional ones but
are still likely to be insufficient as they stand (see African
ministers of finance call for debt relief) including the IMFs
Catastrophe Containment and Relief Trust. Innovative financing models
have been announced by international financial institutions including
the African Development Banks US$3 billion COVID-19 social bond the
World Banks complementary US$14 billion COVID-19 response plan to the
Pandemic Emergency Financing Facility and others and others. IFC UN and
others have highlighted the potential of social or health bonds despite
limitations and criticism. The IMF has again been called upon to
aggressively issue Special Drawing Rights (Brookings). Moreover while
it is impossible to measure today there is anecdotal evidence that
philanthropy has also grown considerably - ranging from $billion-like
pledges (e.g. Jack Dorseys and Googles) to small individual-giving
while taking advantage of fintech (i.e. crowdfunding) and innovative
partnerships with corporations. The Gates foundation Mastercard and
Wellcome have launched the COVID-19 Therapeutics Accelerator to fund
R&D efforts. GoFundMe.com reported growth in donations with a US$120
million funding for COVID-19 campaigns. Vanguard Charitable donors
mobilized over US$31 million with an average grant of US$14 000
(Reuters as of April 07 2020). Plans are being outlined for the future.
For example one view is When the public health emergency of COVID-19
starts to subside government support should be prioritized for
companies sectors and business activities that help respond to crises
such as the climate emergency and inequality rather than those that
risk exacerbating them (Principles for Responsible Investment report on
COVID-19). COVID-19 is questioning-on a fundamental level-the role of
Environmental-Social-Governance (ESG) integration which is critical for
protecting and accelerating SDG achievements. Early evidence suggests
that investments in sustainable businesses are performing well during
the crisis also due in part to the impact of the oil prices on these
portfolios (impactalpha). Therefore the unfolding trends in financing
that were already in play prior to the COVID-19 crisis and which
offered ways forward in respect to closing the SDG financing gaps will
be even more relevant in shaping the economic and social recovery going
forward. These are: Technological innovations and fintech (i.e. faster
and inclusive outreach); The rapid growth of thematic or responsible
investing (i.e. alignment of capital with impact); Outcome and
results-based payment schemes and tools (i.e. science-based evidence of
impact); and Smart taxes and public incentives (i.e. a favorable
regulatory and enabling environment). By end of March-in the midst of
the COVID-19crisis the Joint SDG Fund received 258 proposals for
supporting SDG financing interventions in over 100 countries including
LDCs SIDS and countries experiencing conflict and fragility (see this
blog describing the SDG Financing Call). Experts and the UN are
reviewing these impressive proposals as a potential contribution to a
future that is more sustainable climate-resilient and inclusive. With
thanks for inputs from John Hardy Gail Hurley Gregory De Paepe and
Suren Poghosyan independent evaluators 1stCall on SDG Financing and
Nomindari Enkhtur and Adriana Bazan Fuster Joint SDG Fund ReadFinancing
the SDGs at the time of COVID: A Brand New World?Part 2: Crafting a UN
systemic response

Expected class: 17
Predicted class: 3
Ordered labels: ['ODS3', 'ODS2', 'ODS17', 'ODS9', 'ODS13', 'ODS1', 'ODS15', 'ODS4', 'ODS11', 'ODS12', 'ODS10', 'ODS16', 'ODS14', 'ODS8', 'ODS6', 'ODS7', 'ODS5']
Percentages labels: [10.560415200831823, 10.533302276762921, 10.303609791099575, 9.01132060165569, 5.416824662592904, 5.27914969284441, 5.098621051638236, 4.6691275400053875, 4.3903370278232385, 4.208711297446717, 3.4984096257015502, 2.113103912252729, 1.8346979934204302, 1.796338432034792, 1.2508914562019855, 0.7632246692042518, 0.2719152869394753]

--------------------------------
Credits The Zipper by Naomi Anne G. Abas. Naomi is Qjiels classmate in
nursing school and her work shows how staying home honors the work of
frontliners such as: doctors nurses and more. The start of a decade of
action to leave no one behind - nurses on the frontlines not only
against the pandemic but also our future for the Global Goals.
Realizing the role of nursing in making the dreams of sustainable
development into a reality by 2030. It took a pandemic for us to
realize the importance of healthcare workers. Four years of nursing
school taught mehow to serve mycountry. Yet by the time a class of
nursesgraduate theysearch for greener pastures abroad. Why you may ask?
Because Filipino nurses are known to be extremely caring individuals.
Being a nurse means more than being a mere assistant toa doctor. When
you take away the heart of the hospital you take away its functions. It
is said nursing is a vocation a calling for the most compassionate
people there are no riches in this profession because giving back is
the most fulfilling goal in life. But nursing is more than just that.
Nurses can follow theirhearts desires and get the credit theydeserve at
the same time. While nurses rally forsafety fighting for the truth and
eradicating the fake - as a society we should all exert the same effort
for our nurses.The people who risk years of practice and education only
to sacrifice their lives for us. Stay at home it can'tharm us if it
won't be able to reach us! Florence Nightingale championed her
environmental theory to what we use today to combat COVID-19. It was
the year 1870 Florence promised that in the next 150 yearsthe world
will value nursing. 150 years later in the year 2020 we celebrate the
International Year of Nursing and Midwives. Here we are today needing
nursesmore than ever.The next time someone looks down on theprofession
and says you are just a nurse rememberthe saying an apple a day keeps
the doctor away while nurses arehere to - nurse you back to health. The
Zipper by Naomi Anne G. Abas. Naomi is Qjiels classmate in nursing
school and her work shows how staying home honors the work of
frontliners such as: doctors nurses and more.

Expected class: 3
Predicted class: 9
Ordered labels: ['ODS9', 'ODS16', 'ODS2', 'ODS17', 'ODS3', 'ODS7', 'ODS11', 'ODS4', 'ODS1', 'ODS15', 'ODS8', 'ODS12', 'ODS6', 'ODS10', 'ODS13', 'ODS5', 'ODS14']
Percentages labels: [3.731192110364124, 3.1260636116964213, 3.0261697203403375, 2.8029345864460353, 2.1843440391035145, 1.8394140602884574, 1.3957977336203666, 1.1357252187640585, 1.0762655147819755, 0.8053214597706422, 0.3282666244216479, 0.13265031623480522, 0.1137172081823834, 0.10014199781141442, 0.09905799692624837, 0.0797887507039775, 0.02314949390029543]

--------------------------------
Credits SDG Global Festival of Action 2019 St. Johns University School
of Law Student Joint SDG Fund Intern What are the key challenges that
youth climate activists face? How are youth championing SDG 13 on
climate action? What can the global community do to empower
underrepresented voices? There are some of the questions posed at the
Joint SDG Funds networking session hosted in collaboration with the
International Union for Conservation of Nature One Nature One Future
Global Youth Summit held April 5-16 2021. The IUCN Summit brought
together over 7 000 young voices from 120 countries to talk about
issues in climate change technology innovation and rights and
governance. In the SDG Networking Session over 50 participants shared
ideas on what frustrated them and what they hoped to achieve in their
communities and beyond. A key theme was access to funding since
financial limitations prevented ideas from being implemented. One
activist from France asked the group about carbon neutrality and what
it would really take to achieve that dream. In response another
participant from Pakistan shared his plans for a biofuel-based
initiative as a sustainable energy source for the transport and
environmental sustainability sectors. Global Youth Summit IUCN The
group discussed the joys and challenges of working with people on the
local and global level and how to really catalyze funding when access
to corporations or large government entities seemed difficult or
non-existent. Mentorship and networking also came up in the context of
encouraging youth to participate. The group did not have all the
answers but we relished in the opportunity to talk with people who also
valued environmental activism and had similar struggles whether they
were a hundred or a thousand miles away. The last question asked how
individuals planned to contribute or pledge with respect to SDG 13 on
Climate Action. A youth leader shared her plans to revitalize and
beautify community parks in Delhi India by gathering community support
and raising micro-funds. This local work replicated in many other
communities represents the best of youth work. And by empowering our
underrepresented voices in policy and action the Joint SDG Fund is
ready to work hand-in-hand with youth to create the sustainable future
we hope to see.

Expected class: 13
Predicted class: 9
Ordered labels: ['ODS9', 'ODS6', 'ODS8', 'ODS12', 'ODS16', 'ODS10', 'ODS7', 'ODS17', 'ODS15', 'ODS13', 'ODS11', 'ODS3', 'ODS2', 'ODS14', 'ODS5', 'ODS4', 'ODS1']
Percentages labels: [2.9246226226391343, 1.9670369313514235, 1.9492661413398351, 1.628115306092787, 1.3588520163046385, 1.1504593304402908, 1.1158250595174284, 0.6059216341035473, 0.4612826440035901, 0.37876819246659726, 0.13679075003309343, 0.07918592529305452, 0.07874502715051528, 0.07641771954987778, 0.04017779896928973, 0.035307004802519575, 0.013226007899946313]

--------------------------------
Local Pathways Fellow United Nations SDSN Youth Renewable energy plays
a crucial role in achieving many of the SDGs. SDG 7 in particular seeks
to ensure universal access to affordable reliable sustainable and
modern energy for all. It further sets out to substantially increase
the share of renewable energy in the global energy mix and double the
global rate of improvement in energy efficiency by 2030. In 2020 the
Covid-19 pandemic hit the globe. This pandemic and the isolation
measures necessary to combat it have generated enormous changes and
pressures on the health system everyday life and economic activity in
countries worldwide. These changes also have the potential to impact
countries achievements of Agenda 2030. Unfortunately it has not been
different for Brazil. Different sectors in Brazil are experiencing the
effects of this pandemic particularly the renewable energy sector.
Brazil as a nation is known for its great share of renewable energy in
its matrix in the industrialized world and as a driver for the use of
cleaner energy resources. Bearing this in mind it is therefore
fundamental to investigate and work towards understanding the impact
that the Covid-19 pandemic will have on Brazilian efforts to achieve
SDG 7. The pandemic brought significant consequences for the energy
industry at large energy security and clean energy transitions. In the
energy at large the decline in economic activity due to several
containment policies has deeply impacted energy demand. Most companies
are losing substantial revenues as they are being hit twice: first by
lower demand for their products and again by lower prices for these
products. This situation however differs across sectorsfor instance the
residential segment had increased power use against a drop in
educational and commercial buildings. For clean energy transition all
fuels except renewables are expected to experience their greatest
contractions in demand for decades. The demand for renewables is
expected to increase mainly because of 2 reasons due to their
preferential access to many power systems andbecause the low operating
costs. Biofuels however are likely to see demanddecline directly
impacted by lower transport activity. Although renewable share is
expected toincrease a sustainable pathway calls for continuous efforts
and commitment since cheaperfossil fuels can slow consumers' uptake of
fuel-efficient vehicles biofuels and electric vehicles. Other than
affecting countless lives Covid-19 has also unleashed a devastating
blow to theglobal economy disrupting supply chains choking off energy
demand and shrinking down themarket for transport fuel. On a global
scale the overall global financial crisis may also lead to decreased
investments in the renewable sector harming attainment of SDG 7 on
access to affordable reliable and sustainable energy for all. Based on
this reality Brazil has designed an economic stimulus package. The
design of this package is aimed at accelerating energytransition and
achievement of SDG 7. An integrated approach tackling all these crucial
issueswill not only have a positive impact on the countrys renewable
energy availability but alsoon other environmental fronts such as
climate change air pollution waste management and so on. It is the time
to rethink our behavior towards our environment so that a
positiveimpact can come from such a bleak global episode.

Expected class: 7
Predicted class: 7
Ordered labels: ['ODS7', 'ODS6', 'ODS9', 'ODS13', 'ODS3', 'ODS17', 'ODS15', 'ODS8', 'ODS1', 'ODS2', 'ODS4', 'ODS12', 'ODS14', 'ODS16', 'ODS10', 'ODS11', 'ODS5']
Percentages labels: [6.359848044346368, 3.377163350089743, 3.109526405592576, 2.0343781050347567, 1.610991340797257, 1.3660362404922968, 1.1488462831574449, 1.1262473199783745, 1.0485480037242665, 0.8587781971568175, 0.8152421532042896, 0.4577470453485659, 0.3875372180188393, 0.21312769600004822, 0.04007450737310899, 0.03127368311645999, 0.014634559935617974]

--------------------------------
Programme Analyst The Joint SDG Fund exists to close the loop between
UN Country Teams governments private sector and civil society to help
stimulate collective action for the achievement of the 2030 Agenda for
Sustainable Development. At the Joint SDG Fund we are aware that
success relies on collaborative exchanges and knowledge sharing at all
levels and that reliable and inclusive partnerships are critical for
long-term success. The Fund aims to forge paths and partnerships with
governments the academia the private sector and civil society
organizations to incentivize a scaled-up response to the SDGs at
country level by promoting a government approach by supporting
collaboration amongst UN agencies and other development partners. In
the Republic of Congo for example the World Bank participates in the
Steering Committee of the Funds joint programme whose activities are
aligned with the World Bank contribution to safety nets in the same
locality. The lessons learned from the implementation of the joint
programme will be rolled into the next phase of the World Bank Safety
Net programme in the country. In Mongolia FAO ILO UNFPA and UNICEF
under the leadership of the UN Resident Coordinator of Mongolia will
deliver innovative solutions to extend social and health insurance to
herders and shock responsive social protection to strengthen the
resilience of livestock livelihood. Joint partners UNDP UNESCO UNFPA
UNICEF UN Women and the Government of Brazil are building early
childhood interventions by investing in a Happy Child Programme to
accelerate the achievement of SDGs in Brazil. The implementation of the
36 joint programmes supported through the Funds call on social
protection for leaving no one behindis led by 16 UN agencies funds and
programmes and two Regional Economic Commissions. The programmes are
implemented through partnerships with 616 organizations out of which
291 are national authorities and 192 civil society organizations. 41
private sector organization are involved across the 36 countries and
the joint programmes support 33 investments of International Financing
Institutions. The World Bank acts as main partner in 17 countries. This
focus on partnerships supports United Nations Resident Coordinators and
Country Teams in the design and implementation of joint programmes that
are context-specific and inclusive. Learn more about the Funds efforts
to transform our world together through partnerships.

Expected class: 17
Predicted class: 3
Ordered labels: ['ODS3', 'ODS2', 'ODS1', 'ODS17', 'ODS10', 'ODS16', 'ODS15', 'ODS7', 'ODS12', 'ODS9', 'ODS5', 'ODS13', 'ODS11', 'ODS4', 'ODS8', 'ODS6', 'ODS14']
Percentages labels: [2.7747005521566126, 2.1980431997898973, 2.110941601309694, 1.169983764862371, 1.0649241725654754, 1.0269388291621273, 1.0162196607996514, 0.7960344073780596, 0.40389430525124004, 0.23504156626330672, 0.09432953265935923, 0.04777745807516043, 0.027309643208166333, 0.024710615914961723, 0.005848246538523375, 0.0032244549892055207, 7.814316268504285e-05]

--------------------------------
Credits Photo Credit: Lee Woodgate / Science Source UN Resident
Coordinator to Kenya Originally published on Business Fights Poverty
here The number of coronavirus cases in Kenya has jumped to three after
the government confirmed two more cases. President Uhuru Kenyattahas
announced a raft of proactive measures to prevent the spread of the
virus. Barely three months into the COVID-19 outbreak stock markets
have plummeted and global supply and production systems have wobbled.
Across the world panicked shoppers have cleared shelves of hand
sanitizer soap and tinned food as if preparing for a siege.
Themessageby UN Secretary-General Antnio Guterres that as we fight the
virus we cannot let fear go viral is absolutely pertinent. And the
people of Kenya can count on the United Nations Country team as an ally
in this fight. Global pandemics are the new threat to humanity. The
number of new diseases per decade has increased nearly fourfold over
the past 60 years and since 1980 the number of outbreaks per year has
more than tripled. Factors such as climate change rising populations
and increased travel have made humans more vulnerable today than they
were 100 years ago. An infection in one corner of the world can make
its way to the most distant corner within a day. In sub-Saharan Africa
there are genuine fears over how health systems will cope. Most are
ill-prepared and ill-equipped to implement public health measures such
as surveillance exhaustive contact tracing social distancing travel
restrictions and educating the public on hand hygiene and respiratory
etiquette. These are the basic steps that will delay the spread of
infection and relieve pressure on hospitals even as support is sought
for costlier solutions such as personal protective equipment
ventilators oxygen and testing kits. For countries in Africa and other
areas where health resources are limited a little-understood pandemic
such as COVID-19 is a challenge that requires a whole-of-society
response. While science creates the tests and will eventually develop a
vaccine the most effective immediate responses to pandemics depend more
on simple actions we can all carry out than on pharmaceutical-based
solutions. Flattening the COVID-19 curve will also be aided by accurate
information. Rising public panic and hysteria is stoked by the
difficulty in sifting fact from rumour speculation and inaccurate
information. One of the problems of the age of social media and citizen
journalism is that it provides a forum for everyone and enables the
dangerous fiction that anyone with an opinion is an expert. In such
circumstances a rational science-driven narrative is difficult to
sustain. Getting ahead of COVID-19 by ensuring that only accurate
information and scientific guidance takes control of the narrative is
crucial. It is for this reason the United Nations Country Team in Kenya
is offering communications support amongst other initiatives - to the
Ministry of Health in its current commendable response to the problem.
Everyone will benefit if they heed thewise counsel of CS Mutahi Kagwe.
For example he emphasizes the importance of frequent and thorough hand
washing. Hand washing saves lives and is the best defence against
communicable diseases. Though microbes are evolving millions of times
as fast as humans and humans have little or no immune protection
against new flu strains the scientific understanding of the risk of
pandemics and our ability to predict the next pandemic before it even
happens is better than ever. It is now known for instance that most new
infectious diseases originate in animals including SARS from bats and
some strains of influenza from birds. Factors that include close
proximity to live animals poor hygiene in relation to meat and live
animals at markets overcrowding and bushmeat consumption can allow
pathogens to jump the species barrier to humans. These scientific
advances are being deployed to find more comprehensive solutions such
as vaccines. Widespread access to such vaccines confer immunity to
individuals and even herd immunity for populations. Vaccines work and
have saved countless lives. Countries in Africa must also take the
fight to the pandemic through simple but effective measures for
detecting testing isolating and mobilizing their people to mitigate
transmission. With simple fact-informed hygiene measures as the main
weapon the continent can slow the viruss spread and flatten the curve.
And the UN family in Kenya is in lockstep with the Government of Kenya
to fight COVID 19 on all fronts.

Expected class: 3
Predicted class: 2
Ordered labels: ['ODS2', 'ODS3', 'ODS9', 'ODS16', 'ODS13', 'ODS15', 'ODS1', 'ODS8', 'ODS11', 'ODS10', 'ODS17', 'ODS12', 'ODS6', 'ODS4', 'ODS5', 'ODS7', 'ODS14']
Percentages labels: [4.702639972860796, 4.516567885107721, 3.5765727029425127, 3.024443460589054, 2.950567779465981, 2.5560232378269, 2.2071467817864248, 2.184997230520885, 1.953533799857169, 1.8920653755633157, 1.4457219928484606, 1.0188953584667204, 0.6021787787048702, 0.16845566112048535, 0.09189688502464723, 0.0918226256819173, 0.016471104234086056]

--------------------------------
Sustainable Development Solutions Network Youth Indonesia Limited gains
in gender equality and womens rights made over the decades are in
danger of being rolled back due to the COVID-19 pandemic (Antnio
Guterres 2020) On April 5 the Secretary-General of the United Nations
called for a global ceasefire to end violence types. It is also a call
for us the SDG Youth advocates to pay extra attention to the violence
issue especially the gender-based one. The COVID-19 pandemic lockdown
response has put women at risk socially economically and politically
especially in the threat of gender-based violence. Many domestic
violence victims are being trapped with their abusers while support for
them is also inaccessible. Before the pandemic the World Health
Organization already indicated that 1 in 3 women have experienced
physical and/or sexual violence in their lifetime. This number soared
up to 25% during the COVID-19 pandemic about 243 million women
experienced domestic violence in the last 12 months. Youth as the
largest groups of gender-based domestic violence victims Domestic
violence is highly crucial to be seen in the youth perspective as women
in the 18 to 34 age group are seen to experience the highest rate of
gender-based violence. Also 1 in 5 women who experience physical and/or
sexual violence are the first to experience it when they were aged
between 11 and 17. Bearing this in mind this article discusses gender
inequality as one of the main causes of domestic violence during
COVID-19 that adversely impacts female youth and our contribution as
youth in implementing Sustainable Development Goal 5. The United
Nations and some countries response to domestic violence during the
COVID-19 pandemic Since 1981 October has been proclaimed as a month of
Domestic Violence Awareness . However with every October that passes
domestic violence numbers remain unsolved. The immediate response by
the United Nations to the soaring number of domestic violence worldwide
is a collaboration of UN Country Teams and senior officials with the
national governments to protect women and provide them with a recovery
response. During COVID-19 in some countries like China the hashtag
#AntiDomesticViolenceDuringEpidemic was made with connectivity to the
online source with the aim to end violence during the pandemic. An
instant online-based messenger with geolocation detection feature has
also been delivered in Spain to provide psychological support to the
survivors. In France 20 000 hotel rooms have also been prepared for
women who are experiencing domestic abuse to escape from their
perpetrator. Colombia's government further provides access to virtual
domestic violence services which are also supported by legal
psychological police and justice to the victims. These initiatives by
various states show that indeed states are working towards solving the
plight of domestic violence during COVID-19. Our role as SDG Youth
Advocates Given that we as youth are stakeholders for the SDGs a
pertinent question is how we can champion for SDG 5 and break the
barriers of domestic violence during COVID-19. Betty Friedan wrote that
cultural societal and legal barriers are the main background problem of
gender inequality and domestic violence. Our culture has further set up
a misled perception that a good woman should be quiet well-maintained
less complaining with the ability to handle every issue completely in
silence. Speaking up for women in many parts of the world is still
considered taboo rebellious disrespectful and violates the social norm.
It is including to speak up about the domestic violence that they have
experienced. This caused the perpetrator able to take advantage of this
condition to commit domestic violence and women are forced to accept
them in silence. As an SDG Youth advocate this is the time for us to
empower every woman in our circle of their equal rights with men and
encourage the domestic violence victims to speak up and seek help. It
is our significant role as a youth to implement Sustainable Development
Goals 5 with a start from ourselves. Let us start from our social media
and circle to proclaim a call for speaking up with hashtag #WithHer
#HeForShe #GenerationEquality and #MeToo for the victims during this
COVID-19. We can encourage women to be brave to speak up about their
abusive experience with the aim to strengthen other women to also break
out of their silence and embrace their healing. It is the time to stand
against the misconception in our cultural demand of staying silent in
order to be a good woman. This is because a woman's voice is priceless
and they have an equal human right as men to be embraced. They are
neither a second-class figure nor a complementary of another gender.
Every woman is the main driver of their story and they are worthy of
this role. A message should be proclaimed that speaking up against
domestic violence is not taboo but keeping their abusive story
themselves in silence and letting the experience destroy their entire
life is what should be considered as the new taboo . Gender equality
will thus only become a reality when all youth and stakeholders truly
embrace this new taboo.

Expected class: 5
Predicted class: 16
Ordered labels: ['ODS16', 'ODS5', 'ODS8', 'ODS3', 'ODS9', 'ODS7', 'ODS10', 'ODS13', 'ODS4', 'ODS1', 'ODS17', 'ODS2', 'ODS15', 'ODS14', 'ODS12', 'ODS6', 'ODS11']
Percentages labels: [11.40683736572974, 4.910218058628689, 4.173368098115394, 2.8009667544594903, 2.6415188386564084, 1.9375362779258165, 1.80098684140382, 0.9993835501668403, 0.9904280738666611, 0.750395679706574, 0.2584613093624754, 0.13210941533120907, 0.13094377452916078, 0.025880819553062602, 0.023934884694964412, 0.015177290679310517, 0.0018532288107337368]

--------------------------------
Credits UNDP in Belarus The Sustainable Development Goals are a call to
action for all countries to improve the well-being of all people
without exception and to preserve the planet. The 17 goals build on the
results of the Millennium Development Goals and include emerging topics
such as climate change economic inequality innovation sustainable
consumption peace and justice. Belarus is one of sixty countries
implementing programmes of such kind. In the Sustainable Development
Report 2021 IMF estimates that the global need for additional spending
on the SDGs is about 14 percent of global GDP a year by 2030. The
program implemented by UNDP UNICEF UNFPA UN Women and the Resident
Coordinator Office in Belarus will allow to find new approaches to
solving this challenge in Belarus. The goal of the program is to
promote new financing tools for sustainable development with a focus on
vulnerable populations. The UN agencies will implement their parts
across various thematic areas with UNDP playing the coordinating role
and working with other UN agencies on specific components to ensure
continuity across SDGs. UNDP is also partnering with the Ministry of
Natural Resources and Environmental Protection to conduct a finance
assessment in the area of environmental protection and sustainable use
of natural resources (SDGs 12-15). A team of international and national
experts will work together to analyze the existing costs and future
financial needs to address environmental challenges in Belarus. Using
the BioFin methodology UNDP will analyze the financial resources
allocated for issues related to the conservation and sustainable use of
biodiversity develop optimal options for reallocating existing and
attracting new sources of funding. Based on the findings of the
assessment it will be possible to introduce innovative methods of
budgeting in the management of natural resources and environmental
protection in Belarus and thereby contribute to the improvement of
national environmental programs and practices. Within this programme
UNFPA will support the healthcare system to improve efficiency of
budget planning and spending. The agency will facilitate analysis with
special focus on reproductive health and explore needs for services
depending on gender. New approach will be based on emerging data and
up-to-date scientific evidence. As a result innovative cost-effective
practices in the area of cervical cancer prevention maternal health and
gender-oriented budgeting will be introduced and piloted to track
expenditures of budget resources in relation to the achieved outcome.
Furthermore UNFPA and UNICEF in Belarus have initiated joint
consultations with the Ministry of Health on strengthening capacities
of public authorities and healthcare managers. The aim is to discuss
normative cost-based budget planning methods per consumer and
opportunities for aligning budgeting with SDGs. Apart from that these
UN agencies are talking with the Ministry of Labour and Social
Protection on initiating dialogue for performance-based budgeting and
capacity building for adolescents and assessment of the total volume
and composition of budget allocations for children adolescents
vulnerable families and other vulnerable groups. Apart from that UNICEF
in Belarus is focusing on measuring the impact of public expenditures
contributing to achieving child-related SDGs and conducting a quarterly
survey of the needs of families with children to advance the
methodology for measuring multidimensional child poverty (MDCP).
Additionally UNICEF in Belarus is planning to assess the performance of
social assistance to families with children through the lens of MDCP
and carrying out a study on measuring public expenditure targeting
children (child budget) in three cities (Minsk Borisov Molodechno) by
the end of 2021. Another agency partaking in the joint efforts is UN
Women which works closely with the Ministry of Labor and Social
Protection. Their goal is to strengthen the capacities of state
employees to use gender-responsive budgeting tools in planning and
budgeting. The agency plans to perform trainings and mentoring on
gender analysis promote the principle of equal rights and opportunities
in development of state programmes. Besides UN Women will contribute to
assessment of SDG indicators disaggregated by sex and work out specific
recommendations in line with the National Action Plan on Gender
Equality. In total after the programme is finalized Belarus will be
equipped with technical capacity and tools to continue its transition
to performance-based budgeting in the areas of health care social
services and natural resources with a focus on the development of
gender-sensitive and child-focused normative budgeting methodology. In
addition the Programme envisages testing the methodology of normative
budgeting. Its implementation is expected to help increase the
efficiency of public services provision by improving budget planning
and spending. In addition the proposed tools will have several positive
effects promoting economic growth expanding social inclusion improving
environmental performance and management methods. Similar programmes
have already demonstrated their effectiveness in a number of countries.
For example UN agencies and the government of Uzbekistan have published
a report assessing financial flows for Sustainable Development Goals
and identified opportunities for financing the SDGs so that funding
mostly private reaches those regions and people who need it most.
Belarus remains in the group of very high human development countries
and ranks 24 in the SDG Development Index. Over the past year the
COVID-19 pandemic has had a major impact on human development and in
particular on achievement of SDG 1 (poverty eradication). After several
years of successive reductions extreme poverty increased in 2020. The
slowdown in economic activity and global recession caused by the
pandemic led to an increase in unemployment affecting SDG 8 (decent
work and economic growth). Under such circumstances the introduction of
innovative tools for financing the SDGs as well as new approaches to
the planning and use of budgetary funds focused on sustainable
development are particularly relevant. The new Programme will assess
the effectiveness of budget planning and spending and prepare
recommendations for effective financing aimed at achieving the SDGs in
Belarus. Originally published onUNDP Belarus

Expected class: 17
Predicted class: 2
Ordered labels: ['ODS2', 'ODS1', 'ODS16', 'ODS9', 'ODS8', 'ODS13', 'ODS3', 'ODS15', 'ODS17', 'ODS11', 'ODS4', 'ODS12', 'ODS5', 'ODS10', 'ODS6', 'ODS7', 'ODS14']
Percentages labels: [7.567655720539637, 5.878793164337498, 3.5669230193925183, 3.3796875051902893, 2.4821555161811784, 2.431738944319147, 2.0766689684756092, 1.923028592252761, 1.823051818755114, 1.7267172295720754, 1.2428140618710155, 1.147508842157295, 1.0186363026725977, 0.5492115231018234, 0.10688655533288666, 0.05117306149768086, 0.027349329101742672]

--------------------------------
Credits UN Women/Gustavo Stephan In thepodcast episode of a Time to Act
Women in Leadership features an insightful discussion on the tremendous
efforts by women and girls around the world in shaping a more equal
future and recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic. Head of Joint SDG Fund
Secretariat Lisa Kurbiel interviews Graham Macmillan President of Visa
Foundation and Najada Kumbuli Head of Investments at Visa Foundationon
womens economic advancement and inclusive economic development. Gender
equality and womens full and equal participation in all areas of life
especially decision-making are integral to the Decade of Action. Indeed
meeting the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) by 2030 will only be
possible when we recognize the value of women front and centre together
leading the way and rising for all. With 400 million USD in assets and
200 million USD commitment over the next five years in both grants and
investment capital the Visa Foundation is advancing economic
opportunity though philanthropy and investments in support of women
entrepreneurs worldwide. The discussion kicks off with an insight to
the foundations commitment to gender equality. On this commitment the
President of Visa Foundation Graham Macmillan emphasizes that when you
invest in women enterprises controlled by women and investment vehicles
that are controlled by women there is going to be a tremendous amount
of benefit that flows through. The conversation then proceeds to
discuss how the foundation employs different capital to advance gender
equality. Najada Kumbuli Head of Investments Visa Foundation provides
that it is imperative to note that one form of capital cannot solve
development challenges. At Visa Foundation we therefore employ grant
capital as a vehicle to support women entrepreneurs and investment
capital to provide these entrepreneurs with a just foundation to get to
their next stages of business development. At the peak of the Covid-19
pandemic last year the Visa Foundation launched a signatory initiative
called the equitable access initiative. This is an initiative that has
supported small and micro businesses access different forms of capital
and different forms of services to grow and thrive. Visa Foundation has
also put in place a five million investment in one of the most
sustainable agriculture lenders in Latin America and Sub Saharan Africa
whose main beneficiaries are women small holder farmers. Whereas the
Visa Foundation is focused on risk return and impact at the Joint SDG
Fund Head of the Joint SDG Fund Lisa Kurbiel highlights that the fund
opens doors to de-risk and debunk risks. The fund is further cognizant
of the systemic barriers that exist that bar women from sustainable
participation in different economical spheres. At Visa Foundation
Najada Kumbuli notes that their commitment to gender diversity
transcends to the organization internal structures such as leadership
where gender and inclusion have been mainstreamed. The foundation also
uses data to provide an integral view on gender equality progress. In
Southeast Asia for instance there was an accelerator program in which
the data revealed that women businesses were earning less than they
usually would have earned after participating in this accelerator
program. This reality drove Visa Foundation along with other key
stakeholders such as USAID and IFC to intervene by conducting research
to see how to best address this growing concern. The foundation has
further played a critical role in the advancement of gender equality in
Vietnam. One of the success stories is a young woman entrepreneur who
was able to start a wet wipes business with 5 women employees and has
now grown her business to an enterprise with 300 employees. This young
Vietnamese is changing the lives of women and families in Vietnam by
empowering them to be self-reliant through her enterprise. It is
fundamental to note that gender equality varies from place to place.
However despite this reality it is our fiduciary duty to make the most
impact in the societies we live in and realize gender equality. Listen
to Women in Leadership Podcast and learn more!

Expected class: 5
Predicted class: 16
Ordered labels: ['ODS16', 'ODS17', 'ODS5', 'ODS13', 'ODS3', 'ODS10', 'ODS8', 'ODS2', 'ODS6', 'ODS4', 'ODS1', 'ODS11', 'ODS7', 'ODS12', 'ODS9', 'ODS14', 'ODS15']
Percentages labels: [6.9220298988123785, 3.7392861712603613, 2.7425751459552883, 2.7076848003142158, 2.322206997948981, 1.8846884367755863, 1.5768907271546664, 1.06521763614616, 0.967369133468915, 0.4519818945432421, 0.21974781504556837, 0.19909871559301345, 0.07550758952978301, 0.06754821815163606, 0.05555638674049412, 0.0016158747677441638, 0.0009950909610546882]

--------------------------------
Credits Cameroon - UN Women's Gender Road Project | PhotoUN Women/Ryan
Brown United Nations SDSN Youth and Co- Founder for Policy Act
Initiative One in every six people across the globe is a young person.
Taking a closer look at the African continent there are over 226
million young people aged 15-24 who make up one fifth of the worlds
youth population. However despite these statistics according to the
World Bank youth account for 60% of the unemployed in Africa. Further
with the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic on economies and the job
market in Africa this percentage can only be expected to rise
exponentially. Youth unemployment is therefore a ticking time bomb that
African states need to urgently address by building forward and
retooling of African youth. In Africa youth unemployment is caused by a
number of factors. First there is a skills mismatch between the skills
youth have and the skills required by the labor market. With the
digital revolution many youth are inadequately skilled thus they tend
to offer limited value to the labor market resulting in high
unemployment rates. Furthermore with the effect of the pandemic on the
economies the number of existing jobs vis a vis the number of young
graduates has greatly plummeted. Moreover for a number of the existing
opportunities the experience required is often quite high for youth to
attain. In addition the states that face political instability provide
a strained environment for youth to access employment opportunities.
Bearing in mind these factors many African states have put in place a
number of interventions to address youth unemployment. These
interventions range from policy interventions such as the adoption of
the African youth charter to the programmatic interventions such as the
institution of youth employment and internship programs to the
financial interventions for example provision of seed capital for young
entrepreneurs to finance their ventures. These interventions have
indeed played a commendable role in addressing youth unemployment in
Africa. However going back to the statistics provided by the World Bank
more still needs to be done to address this ticking time bomb of youth
unemployment. SDG Target 8.5 requires countries by 2030 to achieve full
and productive employment and decent work for all women and men
including for young people and persons with disabilities and equal pay
for work of equal value. In order to achieve this target with the
current realities in the continent today countries need to build
forward and advocate for the retooling of African youth. Retooling of
African youth means equipping them with the prerequisite skills
resources and knowledge to be able to garner employment opportunities
and build forward in a digitally revolutionized post pandemic world. In
order to retool African youth a youth centric approach must be adopted.
This is an approach which involves meaningfully engaging young people
as instrumental stakeholders and not as mere tokens in the retooling
process. For the retooling process the labor market trends need to be
critically analyzed to be able to identify skills required by the
market and implement skills training programs for youth to be in tandem
with the current labor market. Moreover investments and encouragement
of youths participation in agriculture is fundamental in not only
addressing food security but also closing the unemployment gap. In
addition states should continue to promote innovation among young
people and create incubation hubs to provide youth with mentorship
training and seed capital for their ventures. However this duty of
retooling not only lies on the states but also on the youth. In order
to address unemployment youth need to take the initiative to enroll
into skills building programs to retool their skills to actively seek
mentorship from experienced professionals within their reach and to be
innovative and critical in their problem solving approaches in their
communities. Youth unemployment and the attainment of SDG Target 8.5
will continue to be a prevalent challenge in 2021. It is therefore up
to us as a continent to build forward and to embrace collaboration in
retooling African youth who are not only the leaders of today but also
the leaders of tomorrow.

Expected class: 8
Predicted class: 8
Ordered labels: ['ODS8', 'ODS7', 'ODS3', 'ODS1', 'ODS16', 'ODS4', 'ODS9', 'ODS17', 'ODS5', 'ODS11', 'ODS2', 'ODS15', 'ODS14', 'ODS10', 'ODS6', 'ODS12', 'ODS13']
Percentages labels: [6.274386819663157, 4.727727063727291, 3.592510868616131, 3.526753996516386, 3.4154011580404227, 2.5773172224828493, 1.8790683820411873, 1.0750948250476569, 0.7212855583988904, 0.45836329221387, 0.4482537236550071, 0.13615910596778466, 0.03795011953779756, 0.035647941709562876, 0.03336237797190812, 0.030465027957214435, 0.030252877004920943]

--------------------------------
Humanitarian Worker at Save the Children International Indonesia It has
never been so crucial to make education a universal right and reality
for all - Audrey Azoulay Director General of UNESCO Covid-19 has
transformed many human lives and various sectors in the Government. The
lack of preparation so that when a pandemic occurs in many countries is
'not ready' in handling it including the education sector. The
challenge also sprung up every day so it took a quick and precise
effort to tackle the problem. The challenge in Education during Crisis
In Indonesia based on data from TheMinistry of Manpower Republic
Indonesia that during the Covid-19 pandemic as many as 2 million adult
workers lost their jobs. Parents who lose their job will have an impact
on the pattern of deprecation or children's lives such as: Children do
not get a decent educational facility because of the financial
limitations. Children are vulnerable to child labor because they have
to help parents meet the needs of the family so that the child cannot
study well. Children will also be vulnerable to have violence due to
difficult family situations during a pandemic. This research results is
in line with the UNESCO/Secretariat of the ministry of Education
indonesia data Research also stating that 60 million students who study
from home during a pandemic will experience a decrease in literacy and
numeracy skills dropouts and even child exploitation. In overcoming the
challenges above it is necessary to do a contractual approach in
education so that the access to high education remains constructively
fulfilled. YOU(th) Can be Involved in adopting a new approach to
responding to COVID-19 The education sector needs to be fast-paced. In
this period of transition it is necessary to involve parents students
teachers society as an important group in the adoption of gradual
housing as well as youth community to give an innovation and become
accelerator. The strategies that need to be applied to speed up
pandemic handling are as follows: Review the learning targets you want
to achieve to rationally align with new situations and conditions in
new normal. Identify the resources that need to be owned and held so
that the new objectives that have been established can be achieved with
the availability of existing resources. Mapping the situation and
condition of each teacher and student who must be ready to perform a
new learning model based on blended learning as designed. Explore the
gap between needs and availability to develop strategic and operational
measures that need to be done for bridging. Execution of these measures
creatively and innovative by establishing various partnerships with
external parties concerned about education with youth communities in
the local area. The world faces significant challenges in addressing
the immediate and longer-term effects of the pandemic on education
systems. But the commitment of local and global education actors
including youth in finding new and innovative ways to deliver quality
education should provide us all with a sense of hope. Crises showcase
leadership. If the education practitioners society and youth
communities can come together and learn from each other about new ways
of providing quality education (SDG 4) it will emerge better equipped
to help students thrive in a rapidly changing world and achieve the
global goals by 2030.

Expected class: 4
Predicted class: 8
Ordered labels: ['ODS8', 'ODS1', 'ODS4', 'ODS3', 'ODS2', 'ODS15', 'ODS9', 'ODS16', 'ODS17', 'ODS11', 'ODS12', 'ODS6', 'ODS7', 'ODS14', 'ODS5', 'ODS13', 'ODS10']
Percentages labels: [4.259629707686791, 3.3733482103893513, 2.5188450548089065, 2.4331601380658654, 2.0255345982964608, 1.4876051482612547, 1.3172370223402268, 1.033927852783015, 0.7299018553504651, 0.53819722536603, 0.10934443610620237, 0.0462020245639609, 0.038016330097609366, 0.02701578051459954, 0.02375006496496158, 0.02101874092343945, 0.01726557699255017]

--------------------------------
Joint SDG Fund consultant and former UN Official On March 3 2020 the
Joint SDG Fund the European Union Delegation to the International
Organisations in Vienna the Ban Ki-moon Centre for Global Citizens and
the OPEC Fund for International Development came together for a joint
event and an interactive panel discussion on Mobilising to Advance the
SDGs. The joint event was hosted by the EU and the European Commission
in the prestigious Europe House in Vienna with the participation of
more than 100 invited guests from the Vienna diplomatic community and
civil society. The welcoming remarks were delivered by H.E. Ambassador
DDr. Stephan Klement the EU Ambassador and Head of the EU Delegation in
Vienna and DDr. Wolfgang Bogensberger Deputy Head of the EC
Representation in Austria. They emphasized that successful
implementation of SDGs requires effective multilateralism and a
rules-based international order which defends universal values. They
also highlighted the fact that the EU and EU Member States were leading
contributors to the Joint SDG Fund and encouraged others to contribute
to the Fund. The former President of the Republic of Austria and
Co-Chair of the Ban Ki-moon Centre H.E. Dr Heinz Fischer delivered the
opening remarks. He recalled the intergovernmental commitment to the
SDGs which was adopted by the Heads of State and Government on the
occasion of the UNs 70th Anniversary in 2015 wherein they resolved to
end poverty and hunger everywhere to build peaceful just and inclusive
societies to protect human rights and promote gender equality to
empower women and girls and to ensure the lasting protection of the
planet and its natural resources pledging that no one will be left
behind. The moderator Ms. Mona Ali Khalil an international consultant
and former UN official opened the panel and led the interactive
dialogue with a reminder that the SDGs are not merely aspirational but
rather goals to be implemented and achieved in real terms and welcomed
the emerging partnership between the JointSDG Fund EU OPEC Fund and
BKMC in Vienna as an embodiment of SDG 17. Ms. Mona Ali Khalil Mr.
Gautam Babbar (UNOV/UNODC) Ms. Katrin Harvey (BKMC) & Dr. Walid
Mehalaine (OPEC Fund) The Panelists - Ms. Katrin Harvey (BKMC) Dr.
Walid Mehalaine (OPEC Fund) and Mr. Gautam Babbar (UNOV/UNODC)
described the impacts their respective organizations were working
towards in advancing the SDGs on the ground. On behalf of the JointSDG
Fund Mr. Babbar described the Funds efforts to end poverty through
integrated strategies that build economic growth mainstream human
rights and address social needs including education health social
protectionand job opportunities while protecting the environment and
tackling climate change. He reported that the Joint SDG Fund aims to
mobilize $290 million and has competitively chosen 36 joint programmes
which are being implemented by 16 UN entities in partnerships with 616
organizations; with the support of 41 private sector organizations; and
33 investments of international financing institutions. The audience
engaged actively posing compelling questions ranging from measuring the
success or failure of the Millennium Development Goals to understanding
the transition to the Sustainable Development Goals- from the
importance of partnerships between the public and private sector to the
role of academic institutions and civil society in advancing the SDGs -
from implementing the SDGs in conflict areas to the importance of
anti-corruption efforts. The joint event ended with a generous
reception hosted by the EU/EC hosts. All four partners were pleased
with the joint event and look forward to future collaborations to
support implementation of the SDGs and the 2030 Agenda. The Panelists -
Ms. Katrin Harvey (BKMC) Dr. Walid Mehalaine (OPEC Fund) and Mr. Gautam
Babbar (UNOV/UNODC) described the impacts their respective
organizations were working towards in advancing the SDGs on the ground.
On behalf of the JointSDG Fund Mr. Babbar described the Funds efforts
to end poverty through integrated strategies that build economic growth
mainstream human rights and address social needs including education
health social protectionand job opportunities while protecting the
environment and tackling climate change. He reported that the Joint SDG
Fund aims to mobilize $290 million and has competitively chosen 36
joint programmes which are being implemented by 16 UN entities in
partnerships with 616 organizations; with the support of 41 private
sector organizations; and 33 investments of international financing
institutions. The audience engaged actively posing compelling questions
ranging from measuring the success or failure of the Millennium
Development Goals to understanding the transition to the Sustainable
Development Goals- from the importance of partnerships between the
public and private sector to the role of academic institutions and
civil society in advancing the SDGs - from implementing the SDGs in
conflict areas to the importance of anti-corruption efforts. The joint
event ended with a generous reception hosted by the EU/EC hosts. All
four partners were pleased with the joint event and look forward to
future collaborations to support implementation of the SDGs and the
2030 Agenda.

Expected class: 17
Predicted class: 17
Ordered labels: ['ODS17', 'ODS10', 'ODS16', 'ODS2', 'ODS1', 'ODS12', 'ODS9', 'ODS8', 'ODS3', 'ODS4', 'ODS15', 'ODS13', 'ODS11', 'ODS6', 'ODS7', 'ODS5', 'ODS14']
Percentages labels: [5.744426537317988, 4.165325825581518, 3.6845325605156285, 3.4424167024584813, 3.434033207689137, 3.17908168574311, 3.1725981603372633, 2.7125027933368875, 2.5692714334171107, 1.0970653554287613, 0.9826390857590721, 0.7335799525005835, 0.5871821130915433, 0.5670640599943033, 0.4989747688130156, 0.2645586582508121, 0.164748237864796]

--------------------------------
Credits Awa and Georgina exchange cooking tips on the campsite. Back in
2017 I spent a period of time on the Senegal-Mali border carrying out
field research. We had a number of youths from the Dogon villages in
Mali come work with us and as we were there for a few months we got to
know them quite well. My most memorable conversation however was tinged
with a somber note it was about female genital mutilation (FGM). One of
the girls Awa just 18 years old at the time spoke frankly about how FGM
was the norm in her culture and how a girl would be rejected by the
community if she defied the tradition. She believed that FGM was
necessary to prepare girls for marriage and that it ensures premarital
virginity by helping her resist extramarital sexual acts. As FGM is
illegal in Senegal (not yet in Mali) it is carried out without proper
medical care up in the caves hidden from the rest of the village.
Unfortunately these harrowing stories are not uncommon in many parts of
the world. There are an estimated 200 million girls and women alive
today who have undergone FGM. In 2012 the UN General Assembly dedicated
February 6th as the International Day of Zero Tolerance for Female
Genital Mutilation with the aim to amplify and direct the efforts on
the elimination of this practice. Following the spirit of Sustainable
Development Goal (SDG) 5 (Gender Equality) the UN is striving for full
eradication of FGM by 2030. A joint programme between UNFPA and UNICEF
has been in place since 2008 is the largest in the world aimed at
accelerating the elimination of FGM focusing on 17 countries in Africa
and the Middle East. Mauritania is one of the countries included in the
UNFPA/UNICEF programme given the high prevalence of FGM in women aged
15-49 at 66.6%. A new joint programme funded by the Joint SDG Fund
Developing an integrated social protection model in the region of
Guidimakha Mauritania was launched in early 2020 with three UN agencies
participating. One of the main targets for this programme is SDG 5.3:
eliminate all harmful practices such as child early and forced marriage
and female genital mutilation. It will aim to use the UNICEF Community
for Development (C4D) approach to develop community participation and
to improve the knowledge of rights-holders and duty-bearers to change
behaviors that affect childrens rights. Ideally this approach will
contribute to eliminating FGM in Mauritania as well as ending other
harmful practices such as child marriage and gender-based violence.
While FGM rates remain high Mauritania Mali and numerous other
countries advocates around the world are mobilizing against it. By
creating programmes aimed at eliminating the practice the UN is raising
awareness and empowering young women to speak up against FGM leading
the way to achieving gender equality and a more sustainable future.

Expected class: 5
Predicted class: 5
Ordered labels: ['ODS5', 'ODS16', 'ODS9', 'ODS3', 'ODS8', 'ODS11', 'ODS17', 'ODS15', 'ODS10', 'ODS13', 'ODS14', 'ODS6', 'ODS2', 'ODS4', 'ODS1', 'ODS7', 'ODS12']
Percentages labels: [6.431324333742301, 6.295368156549106, 1.548168711858852, 1.5107439857716278, 1.2648238666540486, 0.8120284922703273, 0.7698505952232564, 0.3597002011084351, 0.30182218988336396, 0.18925005032727948, 0.1398583185199908, 0.11607848510256592, 0.08513902741413336, 0.06044759967950818, 0.05720122868215016, 0.050496394856240245, 0.0076986045478348334]

--------------------------------
Credits @UNICEF/2019/Elyor Nematov Its a cold bleak January day an
hours drive from Tashkent. The trees are bare but high on the fourth
floor in the small apartment that she shares with six other family
members Chaross pot plants are defying the winter weather. Buckets and
plastic containers line every shelf; the green shoots flourishing
inside are not only a sign of her ingenuity but of her drive to protect
and provide for her children. With her dark hair pulled back into a
neat pony tail and her carefully applied make up Charos looks dignified
but weary. Shes getting by but only just. When she suffered a period of
ill health her husband left her. She moved around looking for a place
to settle her children aged 3 8 12 and 18 before moving in with her
sister. Its a cold bleak January day an hours drive from Tashkent. The
trees are bare but high on the fourth floor in the small apartment that
she shares with six other family members Chaross pot plants are defying
the winter weather. Buckets and plastic containers line every shelf;
the green shoots flourishing inside are not only a sign of her
ingenuity but of her drive to protect and provide for her children.
With her dark hair pulled back into a neat pony tail and her carefully
applied make up Charos looks dignified but weary. Shes getting by but
only just. When she suffered a period of ill health her husband left
her. She moved around looking for a place to settle her children aged 3
8 12 and 18 before moving in with her sister. @UNICEF/2019/Elyor
Nematov I felt like a useless person. I was running in all directions
trying so hard. I lost hope when I was sick. I couldnt smile or speak.
I was scared of what would happen to my kids if I didnt get better.
Charos grows plants and runs a small flower shop. She makes a bit of
extra money teaching children about horticulture at a
localmahalla(neighbourhood) training centre. Her dream is to build a
small greenhouse. The responsibility for the growth and education of my
children is up to me but everything depends on us having money she
says. If I had money I would send my youngest to kindergarten to give
them a good start in life. My eldest son sometimes doesnt go to school
because I need him to help us in the shop. I felt like a useless
person. I was running in all directions trying so hard. I lost hope
when I was sick. I couldnt smile or speak. I was scared of what would
happen to my kids if I didnt get better. Charos grows plants and runs a
small flower shop. She makes a bit of extra money teaching children
about horticulture at a localmahalla(neighbourhood) training centre.
Her dream is to build a small greenhouse. The responsibility for the
growth and education of my children is up to me but everything depends
on us having money she says. If I had money I would send my youngest to
kindergarten to give them a good start in life. My eldest son sometimes
doesnt go to school because I need him to help us in the shop.
@UNICEF/2019/Elyor Nematov Unfortunately despite her strong work ethic
the money she makes she can barely support her children so she decided
to apply to her localmahallafor help. Families with extreme need come
to us share their problems and tell their stories. We provide financial
support for those whove lost breadwinners or divorced he says. A mother
cant be expected to work and look after her kids. The money we provide
can go towards daily necessities. Unfortunately despite her strong work
ethic the money she makes she can barely support her children so she
decided to apply to her localmahallafor help. Families with extreme
need come to us share their problems and tell their stories. We provide
financial support for those whove lost breadwinners or divorced he
says. A mother cant be expected to work and look after her kids. The
money we provide can go towards daily necessities. Abdurakhmon is the
head of the mahalla committee. @UNICEF/2019/Elyor Nematov The extra
money Charos receives from the mahalla covers a sack of flour and a few
litres of oil a month just a portion of their needs but it has a big
impact. However Abdurakhmon looks concerned. We are currently helping
three families but there are another four in line waiting for their
turn. We dont have enough resources to help everyone. If this money was
available for children up to 18 years then children would be able to
graduate from school. Chaross son will be a breadwinner soon. Its
important that he studies. The extra money Charos receives from the
mahalla covers a sack of flour and a few litres of oil a month just a
portion of their needs but it has a big impact. However Abdurakhmon
looks concerned. We are currently helping three families but there are
another four in line waiting for their turn. We dont have enough
resources to help everyone. If this money was available for children up
to 18 years then children would be able to graduate from school.
Chaross son will be a breadwinner soon. Its important that he studies.
@UNICEF/2019/Elyor Nematov Every winter the school also provides winter
coats and gloves for the poorest members of the community but Chaross
daughter Barchinoy says she felt singled out by the gift and was
ashamed at having to line up in front of her class to receive it. The
school wanted to give me a coat too but there were some boys who
laughed at us and I refused. I came home to my mother and asked her to
tell them not to give me one again. Barchinoy would rather be supported
to make her own way in life than receive charity. Every winter the
school also provides winter coats and gloves for the poorest members of
the community but Chaross daughter Barchinoy says she felt singled out
by the gift and was ashamed at having to line up in front of her class
to receive it. The school wanted to give me a coat too but there were
some boys who laughed at us and I refused. I came home to my mother and
asked her to tell them not to give me one again. Barchinoy would rather
be supported to make her own way in life than receive charity.
@UNICEF/2019/Elyor Nematov In Uzbekistan 76 per cent of children are
living on less than UZS 15 700 per day. Unfortunately over the last two
decades the country has seen a big and growing gap in the level of
social security offered to children. This lack of resources means that
Charos will only receive financial help for 6 months. When I stop
receiving it Im not sure if I will be able to make ends meet. I will
have to leave my children to find work in Kazakhstan. Theres a strong
smell of gas in the living area where the family will later eat and
sleep the windows are covered in plastic sheeting to keep the heat in.
Her youngest boy plays with his bricks while the others prepare vine
leaves for potato and rice-stuffed dolma (meat is too expensive).
Defiantly cheerful artificial flowers line the window sill and young
fig and fern plants peep from Chaross pots. Despite her hardships she
retains her generous spirit. In Uzbekistan 76 per cent of children are
living on less than UZS 15 700 per day. Unfortunately over the last two
decades the country has seen a big and growing gap in the level of
social security offered to children. This lack of resources means that
Charos will only receive financial help for 6 months. When I stop
receiving it Im not sure if I will be able to make ends meet. I will
have to leave my children to find work in Kazakhstan. Theres a strong
smell of gas in the living area where the family will later eat and
sleep the windows are covered in plastic sheeting to keep the heat in.
Her youngest boy plays with his bricks while the others prepare vine
leaves for potato and rice-stuffed dolma (meat is too expensive).
Defiantly cheerful artificial flowers line the window sill and young
fig and fern plants peep from Chaross pots. Despite her hardships she
retains her generous spirit. @UNICEF/2019/Elyor Nematov As I have been
through problems myself whenever I meet someone who needs help I help
them. When I was in deep need I didnt always get support so I know what
that feels like she says. Strong social protection systems have a wide
range of impacts including on human development (such as better health
nutrition and education for children) labour force engagement local
market dynamism and broader economic growth. Reform of the child
benefit system in Uzbekistan would transform the lives of children
potentially reducing the child poverty rate by 27 per cent and
benefiting over 60 per cent of children by 2030 (and more in subsequent
years). A minimum level of income security could be offered to the
majority of families with children while also generating greater
economic growth. Building a better future: A child-sensitive social
protection system for Uzbekistan Report Original article posted on
UNICEF Uzbekistan here As I have been through problems myself whenever
I meet someone who needs help I help them. When I was in deep need I
didnt always get support so I know what that feels like she says.
Strong social protection systems have a wide range of impacts including
on human development (such as better health nutrition and education for
children) labour force engagement local market dynamism and broader
economic growth. Reform of the child benefit system in Uzbekistan would
transform the lives of children potentially reducing the child poverty
rate by 27 per cent and benefiting over 60 per cent of children by 2030
(and more in subsequent years). A minimum level of income security
could be offered to the majority of families with children while also
generating greater economic growth. Building a better future: A
child-sensitive social protection system for Uzbekistan Report Original
article posted on UNICEF Uzbekistan here

Expected class: 1
Predicted class: 2
Ordered labels: ['ODS2', 'ODS17', 'ODS9', 'ODS16', 'ODS3', 'ODS1', 'ODS8', 'ODS15', 'ODS10', 'ODS4', 'ODS13', 'ODS7', 'ODS12', 'ODS11', 'ODS5', 'ODS6', 'ODS14']
Percentages labels: [15.124739945614499, 11.960445372999489, 10.776981061442108, 10.149035640711615, 9.881843807102584, 8.38322658913883, 7.315448743898467, 4.655654316850855, 4.046053243765433, 3.314113102187151, 3.172392076423783, 2.971674959494419, 2.5439441717350206, 1.8946662966616366, 0.9123440744809274, 0.6080933800944281, 0.28934481734725737]

--------------------------------
Credits School for Children with Disabilities | UN Photo/Logan Abassi
@MAROLAHY Dominique Nicole Amboasary Atsimo April 15 2020: Berthine Ma
is a mother of three children aged 5 8 and 11 all of whom are actively
enrolled in primary schools. They are living in the village of
Anjahamavelona located at about 9 miles from the main city of Amboasary
Atsimo. With her husband they earn a living from subsistence farming.
Every single day parents leave for work in the fields early in the
morning - hard work that can barely cover their most basic needs. Their
daily earnings cover food school fees and other family expenses. The
periodic health care they must give to their 11 year-old son with a
disability starts to weigh heavily on their budget. Because of his
disability our oldest son starts to have some health issues. We then
need to take him to the community health center every day to receive
the necessary medical care. It is an additional burden on our modest
budget. Added to the school fees of the three kids that we would like
to keep paying. mentionsBerthine Ma. @MAROLAHY Dominique Nicole Taking
care of both: the health care of my child with a disability and the
education of my children Since Berthine Mas family moved to the village
of Anjahamahavelona few months after the selection of the FIAVOTA cash
transfer programme beneficiarieswere not able to benefit from it. While
we visited their village she told us her dearest wish: I would really
love that one day my family can benefit from an aid program taking in
charge people living with a disability but also a programme that can
support family revenue so that we can keep sending our three children
to school. Social Protection Services adapted to the needs of different
categories of people: The Joint SDG Fund Programme Our meeting with the
family is particularly timely as we are currently in the preparation
phase of launching an integrated social protection programme. Funded by
the SDG Fund the programme brings together four UN Agencies UNICEF
UNFPA WFP and ILOjointly working on social protection in Madagascar.The
programme also sees the participation of other agencies including FAO
WHO and OHCHR. The main objective of the programme is to provide an
integrated package of social protection interventions specifically
tailored to the needs of different categories of people especially
people living with disabilities. The integrated social protection
programme comprises the following components: Cash transfer component
aimed at supporting the daily consumption of the most vulnerable
households and the schooling of children (UNICEF); Supporting the
access of the poorest households to universal health coverage (ILO);
Agricultural insurance and productive activities (WFP); A component
supporting the fight against gender-based violence (UNFPA). Thanks to
this joint programme Berthine Ma's family who has primary school-aged
children and a child withdisability if qualified and selected in the
programme could receive the necessary support to help give better care
for herchildren. I really can't wait to take my CEPE exam and move on
to the sixth grade shouts theeldest child!

Expected class: 1
Predicted class: 1
Ordered labels: ['ODS1', 'ODS3', 'ODS4', 'ODS16', 'ODS9', 'ODS8', 'ODS13', 'ODS15', 'ODS17', 'ODS10', 'ODS14', 'ODS5', 'ODS11', 'ODS2', 'ODS7', 'ODS12', 'ODS6']
Percentages labels: [3.873016752719374, 3.422139985152486, 2.8446589789140906, 2.2779362134560888, 1.4822177347049834, 1.2355989672353398, 1.0207230270556993, 0.812575018329936, 0.74181633370998, 0.6516652315591519, 0.5973520790007197, 0.3373157840649184, 0.24382696103394771, 0.23901656516448436, 0.08852880616145502, 0.08634067925075867, 0.0452710320662211]

--------------------------------
Recent assessments have shown that Chiles population is rapidly ageing
with the number of people over 60 on track to account for over a third
of the population by 2050. There have been major steps taken to improve
the social protection systems in place for the elderly however the need
to strengthen social connections is a dimension of ageing that has been
under explored in public policy design. The general objective of this
project is thus to increase social inclusion and protections for the
elderly through strengthening community networks and improving access
to the various programmes services and social benefits available to
them Learn more Learn more

Expected class: 5
Predicted class: 3
Ordered labels: ['ODS3', 'ODS7', 'ODS16', 'ODS5', 'ODS10', 'ODS17', 'ODS9', 'ODS2', 'ODS8', 'ODS4', 'ODS1', 'ODS13', 'ODS14', 'ODS12', 'ODS6', 'ODS11', 'ODS15']
Percentages labels: [1.774961948434472, 0.717467203107106, 0.3866452051378815, 0.04948359789820626, 0.041165243154264494, 0.020923330572856003, 0.005628301846837075, 0.0021540687012021192, 0.0012928249445263162, 0.0002744050691958617, 1.958263039851312e-06, 1.90212230186446e-06, 5.113829565396163e-10, 4.621666774045075e-10, 1.8585193472960114e-10, 1.784891850341525e-11, 3.6404162226785017e-13]

--------------------------------
Credits Photo by Agung Pandit Wiguna Law Student Intern at Joint SDG
Fund As American novelist and activist Pearl Buck wrote in her novel
The Good Earth the test of a civilization is the way it cares for its
helpless members. Variations of this quote have often been inaccurately
attributed to figures like Gandhi but regardless of the actual source
of these words their truth is undeniably clear: the way we treat the
most vulnerable people in society is of critical importance. As the
global community grapples with the outbreak of COVID-19 the importance
of protecting our most vulnerable becomes even more clear. I have been
fortunate enough to work with the Joint SDG Fund and other
organizations across the United States and other countries and see
first hand their commitment to providing the resources and protection
that people need now more than ever. Although now a lot of this work is
focused on the current pandemic it is not limited to it and global
efforts to help the most vulnerable will continue long after COVID-19
becomes a distant memory. In 2015 when the 2030 Agenda was formally
adopted the global community made a commitment to everyone to take
concrete steps to make the world a better place for all of its
inhabitants and we intend to keep that commitment. A lot of the efforts
highlighted now as a part of the response to the pandemic like
providing access to health care and expanding social safety nets are
part of the work the Joint SDG Fund was created to support and fund.
The current situation changes priorities in some cases prioritizing
healthcare and economic stability over efforts to innovatively solve
traffic problems the climate crisis or respond to different natural
disasters but it is still a time of hope strength and solidarity. Today
and every day we must as the UN Secretary General said show solidarity
with the most vulnerable. We do not know when this crisis will end some
predictions indicate it could last longer than a year but when it does
I hope we continue to show solidarity with the most vulnerable people.
From this crisis I and many others have learned the importance of
collective action to protect the most vulnerable and when this is all
over I hope we remember how important every single member of society is
in combatting disasters and how strong we are together. I hope that
when we emerge from this crisis the global community will join the
Joint SDG Fund in continuing to emphasize the importance of protecting
our most vulnerable citizens and working toward the sustainable
development goals in order to create a better stronger and healthier
world for everyone.
_______________________________________________________________________________
If you would like to help fight the Coronavirus your donation to the
COVID-19 Solidarity Response Fund will support critical work to prevent
detect and respond to the Coronavirus.

Expected class: 3
Predicted class: 10
Ordered labels: ['ODS10', 'ODS7', 'ODS9', 'ODS13', 'ODS6', 'ODS1', 'ODS8', 'ODS12', 'ODS16', 'ODS4', 'ODS5', 'ODS2', 'ODS17', 'ODS15', 'ODS11', 'ODS3', 'ODS14']
Percentages labels: [4.401551617327672, 1.9945579763303807, 1.7935936578525613, 1.1516419229672323, 1.0809301067558081, 0.9746088472574489, 0.9365027585092734, 0.16090484039287758, 0.12753988381538675, 0.10552074328497003, 0.10479632753877839, 0.09786726961540758, 0.035715296320255635, 0.015840899924810678, 0.013319934888072767, 0.0038568324798656847, 0.001251189418262791]

--------------------------------
The Herder programme is one of the joint activities the ILO Mongolia
and UNFPA Mongolia as part of the ILO-led UN Joint Programme (UNJP)
Extending Social Protection to Herders with Enhanced Shock
Responsiveness. The programme is the first nationwide social protection
program ever developed for herders in Mongolia. It has the main
objectives of improving herders life skills and updating their
knowledge on livestock production. Moreover it aims to set up a
knowledge infrastructure to enable herders to access
social-protection-related information with the ultimate goal of
extending their social insurance coverage rate. The two agencies joined
forces and combined efforts to develop a solid and comprehensive
nationwide program for herders. The significances of the joint activity
lie in the shared resources to prepare local trainers in target
provinces and support them in reaching out to herders and raise
awareness on critical social issues such as social protection and
reproductive health. The organizations share their knowledge human
skills and financial resources to demonstrate the joint activity as an
effective and efficient approach to extend social protection to herders
nationwide. The programme will be implemented in collaboration with the
National Centre for Lifelong Education (NCLE) using the organizations
existing structure in all 21 provinces. The NCLE lifelong education
trainers in 330 soums (provincial lower administrative unit) will be
prepared as advocates and local trainers for social protection. They
will reach out to herders and raise their awareness of the nine modules
of the programme. Modules of the Herder programme were developed by
external consultants who are experts in the field. There is a handbook
for herder and a methodological manual for local lifelong education
trainers for each module. The following modules are included in the
programme package: Introduction to livestock dairy production and
technologies Introduction to wool & cashmere production and
technologies Introduction to tan production and technologies
Introduction to meat production and technologies Introduction to
benefits of herders social insurance coverage Introduction to
governance and performance of Herder cooperatives Sexual and
Reproductive Health and Rights Prevention of Gender-based violence and
substance abuse Soft skills Before the programs official launch in
November ILO and UNFPA organized validation workshops of the programme
in Khentii and Zavkhan provinces to pilot the programme with local
lifelong education trainers and collect their feedback. In Khentii
province the workshop was held between 27-28 September for modules 1-6.
A total of 21 local trainers attended the workshop. In addition five
herders were invited to participate in and share their experiences and
provide their feedback on the manual. In Zavkhan province the
validation workshop took place between 20-21 August for modules 7-9.
Local trainers from 24 soums were trained on the modules and provided
teaching aids to use during their training for herders. The NCLE
consultants are currently reflecting the input and recommendations from
local trainers and herders and tailoring their needs and requests for
the final version. Following the programs official launch in November
ILO Mongolia and UNFPA Mongolia will formally hand over the programme
to the NCLE to further implement it in 21 provinces of Mongolia.

Expected class: 13
Predicted class: 2
Ordered labels: ['ODS2', 'ODS1', 'ODS9', 'ODS4', 'ODS13', 'ODS16', 'ODS11', 'ODS15', 'ODS8', 'ODS3', 'ODS12', 'ODS17', 'ODS6', 'ODS10', 'ODS7', 'ODS14', 'ODS5']
Percentages labels: [3.9808384083058197, 3.36831473861633, 2.7570834995304416, 1.9985158040939939, 1.9100662849453058, 1.8655577623063588, 1.8244801693153918, 0.8256089877790108, 0.4447227677718196, 0.34929993272449456, 0.3154854530707404, 0.28102224025907574, 0.04066391865525816, 0.027595566105055903, 0.008584250952440111, 0.002007937315540706, 0.00015222678281329738]

--------------------------------
Credits UNFPA/Luca Zordan The following op-ed by UN
Under-Secretary-General Mark Lowcock Natalia Kanem (UNFPA) and Phumzile
Mlambo-Ngcuka (UN Women) was published online today byThe Telegraph:
Anyone who thinks weve come close to achieving gender equality is
kidding themselves. The COVID-19 pandemic has helped reveal the full
extent of gender inequality while creating a set of circumstances that
threaten to reverse the limited progress that has been made. Women who
have been displaced from their homes whether through conflict or
natural disaster are especially vulnerable. Everyone who is serious
about gender equality and womens rights must speak up. Then those with
the means to do so need to back up their words with funding. The cracks
appeared at the start of the pandemic. Reports of intimate partner
violence skyrocketed as women were trapped with abusers in their homes
tents or refugee camps. Venezuela reported a 65 per cent increase in
femicides in April 2020 compared to the previous year. In Iraq calls
reporting gender-based violence mainly domestic violence increased by
40 per cent after the outbreak of COVID-19. The UN projects that every
three months of lockdown could bring an additional 15 million cases of
gender-based violence globally. The threat the pandemic poses to womens
rights and freedoms goes beyond physical violence. It is undermining
their economic independence and pushing millions into extreme poverty.
The pandemic affected access to antenatal and postnatal consultations
safe childbirth and newborn care. Stocks of contraceptives ran out as
they were deprioritized and procurement chains became disrupted.
Opportunities evaporated. As businesses shuttered and economies
nosedived millions of womens jobs were wiped out. Women already doing
76 per cent of the worlds unpaid care work saw their care duties
increase dramatically. A third of the worlds schoolchildren more than
460 million students remain cut off from education. Many girls
currently unable to go to school will never go back especially if they
have become pregnant in the meantime. Falling household incomes
protracted school closures and risks associated with displacement put
adolescent girls at a higher risk of child marriage and female genital
mutilation. Already one girl in five marries before she is 18. But lets
be clear. The virus cannot be held responsible for the state of gender
equality and gender-based violence. People are responsible for that
mostly but not exclusively men. Behavior values and attitudes are at
the root of the problem. There are no simple answers to these problems.
But there are several things we know do work. Making a financial
investment in womens and girls rights and opportunities works. Having
women in decision-making roles works. Funding supports centers which
help women protect themselves from violence. It gives them access to
health psychosocial and legal services. It helps victims and survivors
of gender-based violence get justice. It helps give women access to
family planning. It helps get girls into school. Yet the needs of women
and girls in humanitarian settings continue to be overlooked and
underfunded. Too many women and girls are still deprived of lifesaving
services. Today we have released $25 million from the UNs Central
Emergency Response Fund to tackle the pandemic of sexual violence. This
is not enough. We need everyone to join the effort. Wealthy nations who
help fund the UNs humanitarian work tell us theyre focused on ending
gender-based violence. Yet to this day their funding for this is far
less than what is required. The benefits far outweigh the cost of
investment. At least 70 per cent of health workers and first responders
are women. It has been the shelters and helplines run by womens
organizations that have been the primary support for women in most
countries. It is a smart investment as global studies suggest that
every dollar invested in women and girls generates a significant
return. For example every $1 spent on contraceptive services saves
between $1.70 and $4 in maternal and newborn health care costs in
humanitarian crises. At the start of these 16 days of activism against
gender-based violence we urge governments to prioritize the needs of
women and girls in their COVID response and recovery efforts and to
make sure women themselves are driving the decision-making process. The
choices we make now matter. We can only plot a successful path out of
this pandemic if we do not leave half the population behind. Originally
publish on OCHA

Expected class: 5
Predicted class: 5
Ordered labels: ['ODS5', 'ODS16', 'ODS9', 'ODS3', 'ODS4', 'ODS2', 'ODS8', 'ODS10', 'ODS17', 'ODS7', 'ODS1', 'ODS13', 'ODS12', 'ODS15', 'ODS14', 'ODS6', 'ODS11']
Percentages labels: [11.854952345527495, 9.373627356469436, 4.467187393103983, 4.452049713821568, 3.5910720419436752, 2.723274584173286, 2.641189824118919, 2.52187560568957, 2.4419976368293033, 1.6159745177640312, 1.3483955363940976, 1.3378587239225568, 0.804558577165604, 0.5442578523867061, 0.4767985505471263, 0.43054558565287204, 0.3743841445218805]

--------------------------------
Credits Ezra Kipruto SDG Coordinator SDSN Youth The Food and
Agricultural Organization (FAO) defines food security as physical
social and economic access to enough safe and nutritious food that
meets dietary needs and food preference for an active and healthy life
at all times. It is well known that agriculture plays a key role in the
prosperity of every nation however in Kenya and Africa the sector is at
a crossroads. Young people lack interest in the sector leaving the
country with manpower difficulties jeopardizing Kenyas and Africas food
security and economic prosperity and the continents progress. Kenyas
population is growing rapidly however statistics show that while the
average age in Kenya is 19 years the average age of a Kenyan farmer is
60 which raises doubts as to whether the country can be food secure
when its most active population is not willing to participate in food
production. It is therefore critical for todays youth to be engaged and
empowered to embrace agriculture and nutrition. This starts by
addressing the perception that agriculture is associated with academic
failures and retirees. Governments need to invest in sensitizing and
promoting awareness of the importance of Agriculture and highlighting
the roles that everyone can take towards becoming food secure.
Furthermore the development community needs to invest further in
financing models that ensure youth are also empowered to come up with
innovative solutions to ensure food security and make available any
other resources necessary for successful farming. With the current
digital revolution in Africa Kenya is ripe to utilize technology which
offers an opportunity to attract youth to agriculture through digital
platforms and innovations such as social media apps robotics IoT and
artificial intelligence. These digital platforms can also be used to
spread knowledge build networks and reduce farmers costs in market
access and information gathering while increasing their profitability.
Young people have the potential to solve several issues faced by
farmers such as poor and fluctuating prices in the markets the
existence of middlemen who take advantage of the farmers and huge
losses incurred due to bad weather. It may be an uphill task to change
the mindsets of millennials about agriculture but it can easily be
realized by 2030. Africa boasts the youngest population and some of the
most fertile lands globally and therefore enough resources to feed its
people. Young people are therefore the missing mark to end hunger
achieve food security and improved nutrition and promote sustainable
agriculture.

Expected class: 2
Predicted class: 2
Ordered labels: ['ODS2', 'ODS4', 'ODS10', 'ODS13', 'ODS3', 'ODS8', 'ODS9', 'ODS15', 'ODS1', 'ODS12', 'ODS17', 'ODS11', 'ODS16', 'ODS6', 'ODS7', 'ODS14', 'ODS5']
Percentages labels: [3.722005085159089, 1.7937180130018568, 1.6336369594714015, 1.4075335304778083, 1.1053242614477317, 1.0775171304656643, 0.9990438913094166, 0.8342099781883258, 0.7718093187753358, 0.42391019127471097, 0.11276170250340067, 0.0987941170177961, 0.018757716556065968, 0.0009527986832437317, 1.7994734357475563e-05, 6.876252135663402e-06, 7.9753791469494e-07]

--------------------------------
Credits Sustainable Development Goal 4 Student at University of Rwanda
College of Business and Economics Education is one of the powerful and
proven vehicles for sustainable development. When ensuring quality
education for all there is a need for states to pay keen attention to
the education of children who live in rural areas especially in these
unprecedented times. Taking cognizance of this reality I conceptualized
an idea in an effort to safeguard quality education in my country
Rwanda. On 16thMarch the government of Rwanda closed all public and
private institutions of learning due to COVID-19. They went farther to
encourage the employment of a home-based learning initiative to support
remote learning for over 2.6 million children during the period of
lockdown and called on all partners in the education sector to support
this initiative with a view of minimizing the impact of lockdown on the
education system. For this learning initiative scripts for radio
broadcast lessons and television lessons were developed. Born and
raised in rural Rwanda I began to think of how children from rural
areas like myself were coping with no access to radios and television
sets. Many of these children who viewed education as an essential tool
to help them achieve their future goals could no longer access it due
to limited access to technology. The parents of many of these children
were also up in arms as many of them could not afford to support their
childrens education through this new home-based learning initiative.
Bearing the above in mind I founded an initiative dubbed Education
Asylum in pandemics. This initiative seeks to advocate for the right to
education for children from rural areas during COVID-19. We provide
families in rural Rwanda with radios data bundles and printed learning
materials in a bid to ensure that these children are still able to
continue their education. We also summarize some of the live radio
sessions and television lessons into printed learning materials which
we then share with these children. Appolinaire Tushyime in rural Rwanda
in May 2020. Gilbert F. Houngbo President of the International Fund for
Agricultural Development said that in Africas rural areas children tend
to help their parents with farming activities and it could be positive
in the current circumstances. However he warned that such practices may
increase child labor and harm young peoples education if it continues
long term. The danger is that once this crisis is behind us the risk of
some of the children not going back to school becomes even higher.
There is therefore an urgent need for more initiatives like mine to be
developed for children in rural areas. COVID-19 is now more than ever
leading to greater gaps in the education system. This is the time
therefore for us as SDG advocates to amplify our voices and take action
to ensure that no child is left behind and that every child attains
quality education. Together we can champion for quality education of
vulnerable and marginalized children during COVID-19.

Expected class: 4
Predicted class: 4
Ordered labels: ['ODS4', 'ODS3', 'ODS16', 'ODS1', 'ODS2', 'ODS8', 'ODS10', 'ODS6', 'ODS5', 'ODS9', 'ODS11', 'ODS13', 'ODS17', 'ODS15', 'ODS7', 'ODS12', 'ODS14']
Percentages labels: [5.383562861418795, 4.863574533684506, 2.8728563802749294, 2.8220598887908825, 2.330053311680954, 1.2657020480465762, 1.0190385111636984, 0.9436468582128303, 0.7842532263509568, 0.13988675846948684, 0.11074255084734805, 0.10196144487679693, 0.09682819743545044, 0.09398471041543537, 0.0748380911728918, 0.07357760305067146, 0.023433421736290757]

--------------------------------
Global population is expected to cross 11 billion by the turn of the
century, which has put immense pressure on the existing agricultural
systems worldwide. This is complicated by gradually decreasing
productivity and acreage as a result of climate change in addition to
ever-increasing input costs of resource hungry staple crops like rice,
wheat, and maize. Unfortunately, the most affected by these events are
those who have the least resources at their disposal to mitigate the
issue, especially in countries of Asia and Sub-Saharan Africa. It is
therefore pertinent to explore and adopt alternative and/or
complementary crops that are easier to cultivate, climate change
tolerant, less resource hungry, nutritionally richer for human
consumption, and agriculturally sustainable. Millets are perfect cereal
crops which meet all of these requirements and can realistically
provide much-needed solutions to current global food and nutritional
security challenges. In this review, we provide a bird�s eye view of
the relevance of millets in global agro-ecosystems in the context of
their nutritional and agronomic attributes. Furthermore, we share
perspectives on the major areas of crop improvement programs worldwide
and discuss major challenges confronting the same. Finally, we
discourse on the scope of millets for wider acceptability and highlight
major points at the interface of genetic intervention�crop management
post-harvest practices worth considering to potentially facilitate
robust millet-based nutritional and food security. � 2022, The
Author(s) under exclusive licence to Sociedad Chilena de la Ciencia del
Suelo.

Expected class: 2
Predicted class: 9
Ordered labels: ['ODS9', 'ODS17', 'ODS13', 'ODS2', 'ODS3', 'ODS15', 'ODS12', 'ODS16', 'ODS10', 'ODS14', 'ODS11', 'ODS6', 'ODS1', 'ODS4', 'ODS7', 'ODS8', 'ODS5']
Percentages labels: [2.2946498224597085, 1.7375883654816597, 1.6679768481192008, 1.0761438222247288, 0.9966374579334776, 0.5803942660918733, 0.3407074052954528, 0.10787586780273581, 0.10450437867626704, 0.036788983832946764, 0.02474314644108924, 0.01615238894466716, 0.006115582566074411, 0.005768495293668078, 0.003084823706274162, 0.0008657494657184905, 2.4345224281477943e-06]

--------------------------------
To achieve the United Nations Sustainable Goals (SDGs) by 2030,
especially goal 2 (SDG-2) which is to �end hunger, achieve
sustainable food security, improved nutrition and promote
agricul-ture� this study examines how innovation and social inclusion
affect food security in West Africa. The study applies the system
Generalised Method of Moments (GMM) on a panel data of 15 West African
countries for the period 2005�2018. The result from system GMM shows
that innovation and social inclusion are drivers of food security. The
implication of this is that increased level of social inclusion and
innovation in West African may increase the level of food security by
about 41.5% and 13.6% respectively. Therefore, the study concludes that
to feed the growing African population, social inclusion should be
improved to mitigate risk, vulnerability and socioeconomic shocks faced
by farming households. In addition, innovation in agricultural should
be enhanced to drive productivity, thereby leading to a sustainable
food security. � 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel,
Switzer-land.

Expected class: 2
Predicted class: 3
Ordered labels: ['ODS3', 'ODS9', 'ODS1', 'ODS2', 'ODS10', 'ODS16', 'ODS17', 'ODS12', 'ODS15', 'ODS13', 'ODS6', 'ODS8', 'ODS7', 'ODS4', 'ODS14', 'ODS11', 'ODS5']
Percentages labels: [2.143999471699317, 1.218267018833087, 0.9893682895437825, 0.7934915608919937, 0.6608450422726354, 0.5607573029357844, 0.4822490467092777, 0.44667402035341386, 0.402853002751272, 0.28454800195961083, 0.2461887864940226, 0.1969704153688301, 0.15824810841270576, 0.15052686724786785, 0.1275520222250052, 0.06978853750589153, 0.06767260880421837]

--------------------------------
Food crisis and hunger issues will challenge many countries due to the
effects of climate change and global warming. When considering the
truth that the Mediterranean Basin is the region that has been
challenged by climate change and invasive alien species much more than
others in the world, food insecurity is the most critical issue. As
achieving food security, Mediterranean countries should keep the
balance between the population and food sources in the related region.
Accordingly, determining indicators and variables guiding policy makers
to develop sustainable strategies for food security will be important
cases for researchers. This study aims to review the sustainability
level of the agricultural food market among Mediterranean countries. It
is thought to give a holistic view for agricultural food markets in the
Mediterranean Basin. This study focuses on examining some selected
indicators for agricultural food markets among Mediterranean countries
by showing recent descriptive statistics for agricultural products as
crops and cereals. � 2022, IGI Global. All rights reserved.

Expected class: 2
Predicted class: 3
Ordered labels: ['ODS3', 'ODS2', 'ODS13', 'ODS10', 'ODS1', 'ODS17', 'ODS16', 'ODS5', 'ODS7', 'ODS8', 'ODS4', 'ODS9', 'ODS12', 'ODS6', 'ODS15', 'ODS11', 'ODS14']
Percentages labels: [2.2024557812533923, 2.1628880942329953, 1.1131670122783994, 0.8411740696598958, 0.840964696222116, 0.6627363861783522, 0.30963265437643905, 0.19069604793731065, 0.12452767292858222, 0.12414543304159828, 0.12208004158266819, 0.11918015837889404, 0.05627983846728119, 0.047965516534425295, 0.030338057079904866, 0.03020917934864913, 0.021559323025237432]

--------------------------------
This perspective article highlights the need for transformation in food
and farming at three scales to promote a food system that meets UN
Sustainable Development Goals. Food insecurity is still a persistent
problem globally because of how food and farming sector is currently
organized vs. how it should be organized if cultural traditions,
environmental concerns, and nutritional needs of the world's growing
population were foregrounded. The article argues that system-wide
transformations are needed at different scales: landscape (macro),
species (meso) and genes (micro). It suggests alternatives available
for food and farming sector and identifies transformative pathways that
are more sustainable in cultural, social and environmental terms. A
better management of farming landscapes; diversification of the food
system to include a wider range of species; and better use of neglected
and underutilized species, varieties and cultivars of plants, and
breeds of animals, in the food system can help to catalyze such a
transformation. This can go a long way in promoting global
sustainability by achieving three key UN Sustainable Development Goals:
2 (Zero Hunger), 3 (Good Health and Wellbeing) and 15 (Life on Land).
Copyright � 2022 Bhagwat.

Expected class: 2
Predicted class: 2
Ordered labels: ['ODS2', 'ODS1', 'ODS12', 'ODS13', 'ODS15', 'ODS4', 'ODS3', 'ODS17', 'ODS9', 'ODS16', 'ODS11', 'ODS6', 'ODS8', 'ODS10', 'ODS7', 'ODS5', 'ODS14']
Percentages labels: [2.0813675076816742, 1.9886263561675153, 1.3742891756662692, 1.0096038728814642, 0.7617243769597828, 0.15310885590954854, 0.1233970265054185, 0.08176381337638011, 0.0723259932167526, 0.07132800103137192, 0.06314432237951267, 0.061398979500091884, 0.05457275205997535, 0.047565911176595393, 0.03044655337110915, 0.01692594794131231, 0.008410773387247711]

--------------------------------
Global food security has been significantly threatened by the Covid-19
pandemic and several prolonged challenges such as climate change,
population increases, shortage of natural resources, energy crisis, and
rapid urbanisation worldwide. Although numerous attempts have been made
to secure resilience in the food system, many countries are suffering
from hunger and malnutrition, particularly in African and some Asian
countries. This review paper presents one of the sustainable farming
practices�vertical farming that could play a key role in mitigating
global food security in the current uncertain world. It addresses the
recent development of vertical farming with advanced precision
monitoring and controlling system by the Internet of Things (IoT)
applications. It also provides information about the opportunities and
challenges of vertical-urban agriculture and how urban agriculture
meets economic, social and educational needs. � 2022 The Author(s).
Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.

Expected class: 2
Predicted class: 3
Ordered labels: ['ODS3', 'ODS15', 'ODS13', 'ODS16', 'ODS1', 'ODS2', 'ODS4', 'ODS9', 'ODS17', 'ODS12', 'ODS7', 'ODS6', 'ODS10', 'ODS8', 'ODS11', 'ODS5', 'ODS14']
Percentages labels: [1.871354632468087, 1.041466352874131, 1.0138807722567278, 0.7399860432312945, 0.6485239332674841, 0.4943210704443687, 0.2981979013642615, 0.19906384694035759, 0.18332220260350685, 0.13431402789646396, 0.0777685167791291, 0.07560037357148987, 0.07107620290957636, 0.061978681459850166, 0.051524387708759736, 0.021192654935776847, 0.016428239039977574]

--------------------------------
The development for sustainable smallholder farming is not a
transparent and replicable procedure because the agricultural sector
focuses primarily on productivity with minimum attention on lean
management as a sustainability strategy. Currently, the requirement of
achieving a 70% increase in production often ignores the complementary
factor of reducing wastage and loss to achieve sustainable food
security and nutrition. This paper examines integrating lean management
concepts in smallholder farming as a catalyst for sustainable
agriculture, food, and nutrition security. Several sources indicate
that approximately 500�million smallholder farms worldwide cultivate
on under 2�ha farm size without adequate land tenure. These farms are
primarily in difficult soil conditions and environmentally risk-prone
areas, reducing their resilience to changes in weather conditions.
Although smallholders comprise 84% of all farms with approximately 30%
of global food production, the participants and their dependents
constitute almost 75% of the underprivileged, hungry, and
undernourished people worldwide. These conditions are exacerbated by
smallholder farms experiencing more post-harvest loss due to inadequate
market and access to cold storage facilities. Additionally,
smallholders have limited adaptive capacity in coping with changing
environments due to inadequate scientific knowledge, low income, small
farm size, limited technical assistance, and marketing opportunities.
Despite these challenges, smallholders are touted as potentially the
backbone to implement the United Nations� Goal #2 for Sustainable
Development in achieving zero-hunger by at least 2030. This research
presents Ro-Crops Agrotec, a 1.5-ha agroecology family farm in central
Trinidad, as a case study with over 26�years of successfully
integrating strategic lean management. The management of Ro-Crops
demonstrates that sustainable agriculture and food security are
achievable through strategic planning, farm management, and innovative
waste removal without the measures becoming an obsession. While lean
management is associated initially with auto manufacturing, the concept
is equally essential in agriculture due to losses in production,
post-harvest, and food processing. At the retailing and consumer
stages, the annual global wastage consists of almost one-third of
consumer food, estimated at approximately 1.3�billion�tons. Lean
management reduces waste, maximizes efficiency, and increases economic
value due to productivity, quality, and flexibility as the primary
performance indicators. The lean concepts help in effectively reducing
wastage by developing standardised processes and continuously improving
the operations. � 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive license to
Springer Nature Switzerland AG.

Expected class: 2
Predicted class: 9
Ordered labels: ['ODS9', 'ODS12', 'ODS1', 'ODS2', 'ODS15', 'ODS16', 'ODS3', 'ODS13', 'ODS8', 'ODS17', 'ODS11', 'ODS10', 'ODS4', 'ODS7', 'ODS6', 'ODS14', 'ODS5']
Percentages labels: [3.3479834752037982, 2.780703222962364, 2.348621369452461, 1.9940495795869062, 1.901110822277439, 1.4263562402541627, 1.224928464532232, 0.6425763941535031, 0.33310714428846677, 0.3186715260872899, 0.2744233323177576, 0.20639356092371386, 0.12496307022180678, 0.03329586261332591, 0.022785792411666922, 0.01677344014330047, 0.0032568450317941515]

===============================

Model test accuracy: 27.027027027027028%
Total test entries: 37
Correctly classified entries: 10
Wrongly classified entries: 27