Global population is expected to cross 11 billion by the turn of the
century, which has put immense pressure on the existing agricultural
systems worldwide. This is complicated by gradually decreasing
productivity and acreage as a result of climate change in addition to
ever-increasing input costs of resource hungry staple crops like rice,
wheat, and maize. Unfortunately, the most affected by these events are
those who have the least resources at their disposal to mitigate the
issue, especially in countries of Asia and Sub-Saharan Africa. It is
therefore pertinent to explore and adopt alternative and/or
complementary crops that are easier to cultivate, climate change
tolerant, less resource hungry, nutritionally richer for human
consumption, and agriculturally sustainable. Millets are perfect cereal
crops which meet all of these requirements and can realistically
provide much-needed solutions to current global food and nutritional
security challenges. In this review, we provide a bird�s eye view of
the relevance of millets in global agro-ecosystems in the context of
their nutritional and agronomic attributes. Furthermore, we share
perspectives on the major areas of crop improvement programs worldwide
and discuss major challenges confronting the same. Finally, we
discourse on the scope of millets for wider acceptability and highlight
major points at the interface of genetic intervention�crop management
post-harvest practices worth considering to potentially facilitate
robust millet-based nutritional and food security. � 2022, The
Author(s) under exclusive licence to Sociedad Chilena de la Ciencia del
Suelo.

Expected class: 2
Predicted class: 12
Ordered labels: ['ODS12', 'ODS15', 'ODS2', 'ODS1', 'ODS4', 'ODS7', 'ODS16', 'ODS10', 'ODS14', 'ODS13', 'ODS17', 'ODS3', 'ODS6', 'ODS5', 'ODS8', 'ODS11', 'ODS9']

--------------------------------
To achieve the United Nations Sustainable Goals (SDGs) by 2030,
especially goal 2 (SDG-2) which is to �end hunger, achieve
sustainable food security, improved nutrition and promote
agricul-ture� this study examines how innovation and social inclusion
affect food security in West Africa. The study applies the system
Generalised Method of Moments (GMM) on a panel data of 15 West African
countries for the period 2005�2018. The result from system GMM shows
that innovation and social inclusion are drivers of food security. The
implication of this is that increased level of social inclusion and
innovation in West African may increase the level of food security by
about 41.5% and 13.6% respectively. Therefore, the study concludes that
to feed the growing African population, social inclusion should be
improved to mitigate risk, vulnerability and socioeconomic shocks faced
by farming households. In addition, innovation in agricultural should
be enhanced to drive productivity, thereby leading to a sustainable
food security. � 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel,
Switzer-land.

Expected class: 2
Predicted class: 2
Ordered labels: ['ODS2', 'ODS4', 'ODS10', 'ODS3', 'ODS6', 'ODS16', 'ODS9', 'ODS5', 'ODS11', 'ODS8', 'ODS17', 'ODS15', 'ODS13', 'ODS12', 'ODS1', 'ODS14', 'ODS7']

--------------------------------
Food crisis and hunger issues will challenge many countries due to the
effects of climate change and global warming. When considering the
truth that the Mediterranean Basin is the region that has been
challenged by climate change and invasive alien species much more than
others in the world, food insecurity is the most critical issue. As
achieving food security, Mediterranean countries should keep the
balance between the population and food sources in the related region.
Accordingly, determining indicators and variables guiding policy makers
to develop sustainable strategies for food security will be important
cases for researchers. This study aims to review the sustainability
level of the agricultural food market among Mediterranean countries. It
is thought to give a holistic view for agricultural food markets in the
Mediterranean Basin. This study focuses on examining some selected
indicators for agricultural food markets among Mediterranean countries
by showing recent descriptive statistics for agricultural products as
crops and cereals. � 2022, IGI Global. All rights reserved.

Expected class: 2
Predicted class: 2
Ordered labels: ['ODS2', 'ODS12', 'ODS15', 'ODS4', 'ODS16', 'ODS5', 'ODS3', 'ODS10', 'ODS11', 'ODS17', 'ODS1', 'ODS9', 'ODS8', 'ODS7', 'ODS14', 'ODS6', 'ODS13']

--------------------------------
This perspective article highlights the need for transformation in food
and farming at three scales to promote a food system that meets UN
Sustainable Development Goals. Food insecurity is still a persistent
problem globally because of how food and farming sector is currently
organized vs. how it should be organized if cultural traditions,
environmental concerns, and nutritional needs of the world's growing
population were foregrounded. The article argues that system-wide
transformations are needed at different scales: landscape (macro),
species (meso) and genes (micro). It suggests alternatives available
for food and farming sector and identifies transformative pathways that
are more sustainable in cultural, social and environmental terms. A
better management of farming landscapes; diversification of the food
system to include a wider range of species; and better use of neglected
and underutilized species, varieties and cultivars of plants, and
breeds of animals, in the food system can help to catalyze such a
transformation. This can go a long way in promoting global
sustainability by achieving three key UN Sustainable Development Goals:
2 (Zero Hunger), 3 (Good Health and Wellbeing) and 15 (Life on Land).
Copyright � 2022 Bhagwat.

Expected class: 2
Predicted class: 15
Ordered labels: ['ODS15', 'ODS2', 'ODS12', 'ODS14', 'ODS16', 'ODS4', 'ODS3', 'ODS10', 'ODS7', 'ODS17', 'ODS5', 'ODS9', 'ODS1', 'ODS6', 'ODS11', 'ODS13', 'ODS8']

--------------------------------
Global food security has been significantly threatened by the Covid-19
pandemic and several prolonged challenges such as climate change,
population increases, shortage of natural resources, energy crisis, and
rapid urbanisation worldwide. Although numerous attempts have been made
to secure resilience in the food system, many countries are suffering
from hunger and malnutrition, particularly in African and some Asian
countries. This review paper presents one of the sustainable farming
practices�vertical farming that could play a key role in mitigating
global food security in the current uncertain world. It addresses the
recent development of vertical farming with advanced precision
monitoring and controlling system by the Internet of Things (IoT)
applications. It also provides information about the opportunities and
challenges of vertical-urban agriculture and how urban agriculture
meets economic, social and educational needs. � 2022 The Author(s).
Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.

Expected class: 2
Predicted class: 2
Ordered labels: ['ODS2', 'ODS12', 'ODS17', 'ODS15', 'ODS4', 'ODS10', 'ODS9', 'ODS16', 'ODS7', 'ODS6', 'ODS13', 'ODS3', 'ODS1', 'ODS14', 'ODS11', 'ODS8', 'ODS5']

--------------------------------
The development for sustainable smallholder farming is not a
transparent and replicable procedure because the agricultural sector
focuses primarily on productivity with minimum attention on lean
management as a sustainability strategy. Currently, the requirement of
achieving a 70% increase in production often ignores the complementary
factor of reducing wastage and loss to achieve sustainable food
security and nutrition. This paper examines integrating lean management
concepts in smallholder farming as a catalyst for sustainable
agriculture, food, and nutrition security. Several sources indicate
that approximately 500�million smallholder farms worldwide cultivate
on under 2�ha farm size without adequate land tenure. These farms are
primarily in difficult soil conditions and environmentally risk-prone
areas, reducing their resilience to changes in weather conditions.
Although smallholders comprise 84% of all farms with approximately 30%
of global food production, the participants and their dependents
constitute almost 75% of the underprivileged, hungry, and
undernourished people worldwide. These conditions are exacerbated by
smallholder farms experiencing more post-harvest loss due to inadequate
market and access to cold storage facilities. Additionally,
smallholders have limited adaptive capacity in coping with changing
environments due to inadequate scientific knowledge, low income, small
farm size, limited technical assistance, and marketing opportunities.
Despite these challenges, smallholders are touted as potentially the
backbone to implement the United Nations� Goal #2 for Sustainable
Development in achieving zero-hunger by at least 2030. This research
presents Ro-Crops Agrotec, a 1.5-ha agroecology family farm in central
Trinidad, as a case study with over 26�years of successfully
integrating strategic lean management. The management of Ro-Crops
demonstrates that sustainable agriculture and food security are
achievable through strategic planning, farm management, and innovative
waste removal without the measures becoming an obsession. While lean
management is associated initially with auto manufacturing, the concept
is equally essential in agriculture due to losses in production,
post-harvest, and food processing. At the retailing and consumer
stages, the annual global wastage consists of almost one-third of
consumer food, estimated at approximately 1.3�billion�tons. Lean
management reduces waste, maximizes efficiency, and increases economic
value due to productivity, quality, and flexibility as the primary
performance indicators. The lean concepts help in effectively reducing
wastage by developing standardised processes and continuously improving
the operations. � 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive license to
Springer Nature Switzerland AG.

Expected class: 2
Predicted class: 2
Ordered labels: ['ODS2', 'ODS12', 'ODS4', 'ODS14', 'ODS10', 'ODS15', 'ODS6', 'ODS9', 'ODS11', 'ODS3', 'ODS13', 'ODS16', 'ODS17', 'ODS7', 'ODS1', 'ODS8', 'ODS5']

===============================

Model test accuracy: 66.66666666666666%
Total test entries: 6
Correctly classified entries: 4
Wrongly classified entries: 2